This novel was generated on 2014-11-30 01:50:52 -0500 with Wuthering Tweets, by wsara
Written for NaNoGenMo 2014. https://github.com/wsara/NaNoGenMo


MOBY DICK; OR THE WHALE

By Herman Melville






ETYMOLOGY.

(Supplied by a Late Consumptive Usher to a Grammar School)

The pale Usher--threadbare in coat, heart, body, and brain; I see him
now. He was ever dusting his old lexicons and grammars, with a queer
handkerchief, mockingly embellished with all the gay flags of all
the known nations of the world. He loved to dust his old grammars; it
somehow mildly reminded him of his mortality.

"Xenophobia = Ignorance. We're all humans on a small, floating rock through this galaxy, together. http://t.co/i3vjzGONGA" --HACKLUYT

"Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip" --WEBSTER'S DICTIONARY

"So Ray Rice is now immediately reinstated and can sign with any team any time." --RICHARDSON'S DICTIONARY

     KETOS,               GREEK.
     CETUS,               LATIN.
     WHOEL,               ANGLO-SAXON.
     HVALT,               DANISH.
     WAL,                 DUTCH.
     HWAL,                SWEDISH.
     WHALE,               ICELANDIC.
     WHALE,               ENGLISH.
     BALEINE,             FRENCH.
     BALLENA,             SPANISH.
     PEKEE-NUEE-NUEE,     FEGEE.
     PEHEE-NUEE-NUEE,     ERROMANGOAN.




EXTRACTS (Supplied by a Sub-Sub-Librarian).

It will be seen that this mere painstaking burrower and grub-worm of a
poor devil of a Sub-Sub appears to have gone through the long Vaticans
and street-stalls of the earth, picking up whatever random allusions to
whales he could anyways find in any book whatsoever, sacred or
profane. Therefore you must not, in every case at least, take the
higgledy-piggledy whale statements, however authentic, in these
extracts, for veritable gospel cetology. Far from it. As touching the
ancient authors generally, as well as the poets here appearing, these
extracts are solely valuable or entertaining, as affording a glancing
bird's eye view of what has been promiscuously said, thought, fancied,
and sung of Leviathan, by many nations and generations, including our
own.

So fare thee well, poor devil of a Sub-Sub, whose commentator I am. Thou
belongest to that hopeless, sallow tribe which no wine of this world
will ever warm; and for whom even Pale Sherry would be too rosy-strong;
but with whom one sometimes loves to sit, and feel poor-devilish, too;
and grow convivial upon tears; and say to them bluntly, with full eyes
and empty glasses, and in not altogether unpleasant sadness--Give it up,
Sub-Subs! For by how much the more pains ye take to please the world,
by so much the more shall ye for ever go thankless! Would that I could
clear out Hampton Court and the Tuileries for ye! But gulp down your
tears and hie aloft to the royal-mast with your hearts; for your friends
who have gone before are clearing out the seven-storied heavens, and
making refugees of long-pampered Gabriel, Michael, and Raphael, against
your coming. Here ye strike but splintered hearts together--there, ye
shall strike unsplinterable glasses!


EXTRACTS.

"Whales will never break your heart. That is because a whales would never date you in the first place." --GENESIS.

"Big Sony PIctures Classics pack in for awards consideration with "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice," and "Leviathan" #FYC" --JOB.

"There's no better time to be thankful for your health––but make sure you're prepared for anything: http://t.co/AqSgOUrPlR #GetCovered" --JONAH.

""Jokanyanam, wan wan wan, gin gin gin. Ng'ato Kik wuondu."&lt; -- therein lies the truth methinks" --PSALMS.

"Big Sony PIctures Classics pack in for awards consideration with "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice," and "Leviathan" #FYC" --ISAIAH

"For #BlackHoleFriday here's a black hole on Mars! (Different kind, of course, but still dark!) http://t.co/jxc4SjLgBp http://t.co/cus26JysAI" --HOLLAND'S PLUTARCH'S MORALS.

"Overthinking is the biggest cause of our unhappiness. Keep yourself occupied. Keep your mind off things that dont help you. Think positive." --HOLLAND'S PLINY.

"RT @Genosworld: @TheSoup: It's a "Rocks TV" Supercut of open-mouthed Insanity! http://t.co/Zyf55ooncP @ericandre http://t.co/5ZtpMUikEp" --TOOKE'S LUCIAN. "Happy 45th birthday to the greatest closer in baseball history! RT to wish Mo a happy birthday. http://t.co/2PtA6DX93r"

"I call on Singapore authorities to facilitate the entry of Malaysian football fans into their country tomorrow. Please be fair to our fans." --OTHER OR OTHER'S VERBAL
NARRATIVE TAKEN DOWN FROM HIS MOUTH BY KING ALFRED, A.D. 890.

"So Ray Rice is now immediately reinstated and can sign with any team any time." --MONTAIGNE. --APOLOGY FOR RAIMOND
SEBOND.

"Big Sony PIctures Classics pack in for awards consideration with "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice," and "Leviathan" #FYC" --RABELAIS.

"REMEMBER WHEN LIAM MADE A WHALE SMILE

HE'S SO PRECIOUS

#MTVHottest One Direction http://t.co/Xy3V5PzivX" --STOWE'S ANNALS.

"Big Sony PIctures Classics pack in for awards consideration with "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice," and "Leviathan" #FYC"
--LORD BACON'S VERSION OF THE PSALMS.

"This pose look familiar?
An INCREDIBLE photo of Heisman front-runner Marcus Mariota tonight.
(via @daviesphoto) http://t.co/b9D5kmMX0g" --IBID. "Happy 45th birthday to the greatest closer in baseball history! RT to wish Mo a happy birthday. http://t.co/2PtA6DX93r"

"Marcel Goc didn't make trip to Carolina. "Looks like no break, just a bruise." - #Pens Coach Johnston."
--KING HENRY.

"Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip" --HAMLET.

     "'Young and the Restless' Actor Hit With Car, Beaten on Thanksgiving http://t.co/HLZrJilhWo http://t.co/zCaQbthHxj"
     --THE FAERIE QUEEN.

"You know that drug that once gave you immense pleasure but now, with diminishing return, just makes you feel bad? It's called "Star Wars"" --SIR WILLIAM DAVENANT. PREFACE TO
GONDIBERT.

"FSU’s the better team, you can see that plainly on the field. If the ‘Noles drop this, it’s all on them. No reason UF should be in this one."
--SIR T. BROWNE. OF SPERMA CETI AND THE SPERMA CETI WHALE. VIDE HIS V.
E.

     "Now that a lot of the cameras have gone, it appears that the police are back to business as usual. And that is deadly. #Ferguson"
     --WALLER'S BATTLE OF THE SUMMER ISLANDS.

"Virginia Tech has held the Commonwealth Cup for 3653 days, 7 hours, 52 minutes ... and STILL counting! #ItsGood2Be #Hokies" --OPENING
SENTENCE OF HOBBES'S LEVIATHAN.

"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. 

The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside." --PILGRIM'S PROGRESS.

     "Big Sony PIctures Classics pack in for awards consideration with "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice," and "Leviathan" #FYC" --PARADISE LOST.

     ---"Transcontinental Railroad completed at Promontory, Utah in 1869 http://t.co/ju0g4qJg5R" --IBID.

"Swimming in a pool of gin. #RockingIt" --FULLLER'S PROFANE AND HOLY STATE.

     "Transcontinental Railroad completed at Promontory, Utah in 1869 http://t.co/ju0g4qJg5R"
     --DRYDEN'S ANNUS MIRABILIS.

"Thirteen year old Audrey Hepburn, 1942. http://t.co/EYosAQ9pia" --THOMAS EDGE'S TEN
VOYAGES TO SPITZBERGEN, IN PURCHAS.

"Having a 6'2" bf is cute until he puts you on his shoulders and it's like looking over the side of a 7161837642 story building 😂" --SIR T. HERBERT'S VOYAGES INTO
ASIA AND AFRICA. HARRIS COLL.

"Whales will never break your heart. That is because a whales would never date you in the first place." --SCHOUTEN'S SIXTH CIRCUMNAVIGATION.

"John Lennon would frequently nap in a coffin his manager had." --A VOYAGE TO
GREENLAND, A.D. 1671 HARRIS COLL.

"In the end, it was goal-line technology that informed referee Anthony Taylor the ball had definitely crossed the line. #mufclive"
--SIBBALD'S FIFE AND KINROSS.

"GODSPEED ≠ supernatural swiftness 🏃💨💨 or a super power.

It actually means *a prosperous, successful journey*:

We bid you *Godspeed*. 👋 🙏" --RICHARD
STRAFFORD'S LETTER FROM THE BERMUDAS. PHIL. TRANS. A.D. 1668.

"Whales will never break your heart. That is because a whales would never date you in the first place." --N. E. PRIMER.

"Amazing turtle selfie taken on Lady Elliot Island - Queensland. This island is well known for its abundance of manta http://t.co/oDe7lnAFpB" --CAPTAIN COWLEY'S VOYAGE ROUND THE GLOBE, A.D. 1729.

"John Lennon would frequently nap in a coffin his manager had." --ULLOA'S
SOUTH AMERICA.

     "WOW "In the last seven years the airline grew seven-fold-meaning 700% in all parameters" @flyethiopian @reedkramer http://t.co/By4L47fa4t"
     --RAPE OF THE LOCK.

"It is a contemptible order of things when one lives in order to eat and drink, instead of eating and drinking in order to live. Kierkegaard" --GOLDSMITH, NAT. HIST.

"How best friends of schoolgirl #Malala Yousafzai began a new life in Wales http://t.co/y1rRjat3Lk http://t.co/UeFyLD48ol" --GOLDSMITH TO JOHNSON.

"Nowadays when kids get bored they can entertain themselves with iPhones, Internet ,etc. Bruh, I had this. 😂 http://t.co/isQnZMeSjT" --COOK'S VOYAGES.

"Paul Williams (48) absconded today from psychiatric care in #Woolwich? If seen DON'T approach; call 999 14mis042920 http://t.co/L6ohZJIoEo" --UNO VON TROIL'S LETTERS
ON BANKS'S AND SOLANDER'S VOYAGE TO ICELAND IN 1772.

"Pakistan informs of intention to release 40 Indian prisoners tomorrow. 35 fishermen &amp; 5 others. R Mission making arrangements at Wagah."
--THOMAS JEFFERSON'S WHALE MEMORIAL TO THE FRENCH MINISTER IN 1778.

"The draw means we equal our club record of 15 unbeaten consecutive away games in all competitions, achieved in 1985/86. #CFC" --EDMUND BURKE'S
REFERENCE IN PARLIAMENT TO THE NANTUCKET WHALE-FISHERY.

"Video of the Day! Himmi throws a perfect gainer off the cliffs of Melilla, Spain. Full video: http://t.co/ODoRjpAp2m
https://t.co/cnvYGuzVvs" --EDMUND BURKE.
(SOMEWHERE.)

"despite popular beliefs, harry's actually a real human being w real human being feelings and everyone needs to take that into consideration" --BLACKSTONE.

     "Harry attends a Fleetwood Mac concert in LA! #MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/8ETWxSm7hc"
     --FALCONER'S SHIPWRECK.

     "may i spend my momentary existence seeking to understand things for what they truly are instead of what i wish they were"So fire with water to compare,
     The ocean serves on high,
     Up-spouted by a whale in air,
     To express unwieldy joy."William Cowper was born #onthisday in 1731. Here’s a portrait of the English poet http://t.co/Z7UewYYFPQ http://t.co/iv1VAqq7rx"Ten or fifteen gallons of blood are thrown out of the heart at
a stroke, with immense velocity."My shot-by-shot dissection of the Star Wars teaser gives you a detailed look at all the big secrets and surprises! http://t.co/z0Wh2oL1Sy"The aorta of a whale is larger in the bore than the main pipe of the
water-works at London Bridge, and the water roaring in its passage
through that pipe is inferior in impetus and velocity to the blood
gushing from the whale's heart.""Understanding Boko Haram: A Theology of Chaos" - interesting backgrounder from someone who knows his stuff: http://t.co/kriAlcoYgm"The whale is a mammiferous animal without hind feet."Johnny Cash &amp;amp; June Carter, 1967. Photograph by Baron Wolman. ' http://t.co/GNRw0sQxWk"In 40 degrees south, we saw Spermacetti Whales, but did not take
any till the first of May, the sea being then covered with them."Lifting...

Pressing
Squatting
Raising
Rowing
Curling 
Extending
Lunging
Rep after Rep
Set after Set
                   ...I like it all."In the free element beneath me swam,
     Floundered and dived, in play, in chace, in battle,
     Fishes of every colour, form, and kind;
     Which language cannot paint, and mariner
     Had never seen; from dread Leviathan
     To insect millions peopling every wave:
     Gather'd in shoals immense, like floating islands,
     Led by mysterious instincts through that waste
     And trackless region, though on every side
     Assaulted by voracious enemies,
     Whales, sharks, and monsters, arm'd in front or jaw,
     With swords, saws, spiral horns, or hooked fangs."MISSING: 21 y/o Shane Montgomery last seen at Kildare's Pub in Manayunk 11/27. $10K reward. http://t.co/foaKfV0YyW http://t.co/tX12UdAWnp"Io!  Paean!  Io! sing.
     To the finny people's king.
     Not a mightier whale than this
     In the vast Atlantic is;
     Not a fatter fish than he,
     Flounders round the Polar Sea."This Galapagos tortoise that died in 2006 at Steve Irwin's zoo was originally owned by Charles Darwin in 1835. http://t.co/bknQexfSrd"In the year 1690 some persons were on a high hill observing the
whales spouting and sporting with each other, when one observed:
there--pointing to the sea--is a green pasture where our children's
grand-children will go for bread."VP Joe Biden made an appearance at the Nantucket Atheneum’s annual Cold Turkey Plunge  http://t.co/oL6MkOS5Dy http://t.co/eu1u3fSgoH"I built a cottage for Susan and myself and made a gateway in the form
of a Gothic Arch, by setting up a whale's jaw bones."Giant's Causeway adds another GSW to his '14 tally with Red Rifle in the G2 Hawthorne Gold Cup #CoolmoreSires"She came to bespeak a monument for her first love, who had been killed
by a whale in the Pacific ocean, no less than forty years ago."15 signs made funnier with vandalism!  #4 is awesome http://t.co/x4GYQo14vA http://t.co/JBmFRKBKGq"No, Sir, 'tis a Right Whale,"Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." -John 14:6"I saw his sprout; he threw
up a pair of as pretty rainbows as a Christian would wish to look at.
He's a raal oil-butt, that fellow!"Amari Cooper's 2nd TD of game cuts Auburn's lead to 33-27. Cooper has school record 13 Rec TD this season. http://t.co/0AmaWKR0zM"The papers were brought in, and we saw in the Berlin Gazette
that whales had been introduced on the stage there."I love those conversations where you don't have to worry about what you say, you can just be you"My God! Mr. Chace, what is the matter?"Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." -John 14:6"we have been stove
by a whale."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"NARRATIVE OF THE SHIPWRECK OF THE WHALE SHIP ESSEX OF
NANTUCKET, WHICH WAS ATTACKED AND FINALLY DESTROYED BY A LARGE SPERM
WHALE IN THE PACIFIC OCEAN."VP Joe Biden made an appearance at the Nantucket Atheneum’s annual Cold Turkey Plunge  http://t.co/oL6MkOS5Dy http://t.co/eu1u3fSgoH"A mariner sat in the shrouds one night,
     The wind was piping free;
     Now bright, now dimmed, was the moonlight pale,
     And the phospher gleamed in the wake of the whale,
     As it floundered in the sea."RT if nobody asked Elizabeth tho http://t.co/mlJplCHRPC"The quantity of line withdrawn from the boats engaged in the capture
of this one whale, amounted altogether to 10,440 yards or nearly six
English miles....

"sometimes I fall in love with cartoon characters"
--SCORESBY.

"Along with many other Ferguson businesses, our office was destroyed Monday. Help us rebuild at http://t.co/I2mFHqrE9j http://t.co/5hHyAkzLhr"
--THOMAS BEALE'S HISTORY OF THE SPERM WHALE, 1839.

"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!" (Sperm Whale) "Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip" (Greenland or Right Whale) "Mischievous baby elephant attempts to charge bus load of tourists http://t.co/w1H2QCRFwC http://t.co/zWX3ewUvYi"
--FREDERICK DEBELL BENNETT'S WHALING VOYAGE ROUND THE GLOBE, 1840.

     October 13.  "Sparty On! Michigan State blows out Penn State, 34-10. Spartans clinch 4th 10-win season in last 5 years. http://t.co/gbB4DAxpDb" was sung out from the mast-head.
     "can u lose weight by running away from your feelings?" demanded the captain.
     "FT: United 3 Hull 0. Three goals and three points, as Smalling, Rooney and RvP propel the Reds to victory. #mufclive http://t.co/lsUnaqCbJL"
     "A steady diet of negativity will leave you deflated and stressed to the limit. Don’t give up what you have, by focusing on what you lost!"  "A steady diet of negativity will leave you deflated and stressed to the limit. Don’t give up what you have, by focusing on what you lost!"
     "Sydney Cricket Ground lowers flag to half mast for Phillip Hughes http://t.co/6Yf1bdVXEX via @DailyMailAU http://t.co/6l6URxpj6N"
     "If our asylum policy breaches Torture Convention, Morrison is guilty of very serious criminal offences http://t.co/1EsymOH4Zy"
     "Just think, this time next week you can curl up with #1DWWAConcertFilm - in the meantime here's another clip! http://t.co/wcvfp8h4ia"
     "You know there's something wrong with you when you are more concerned on #PhilHughes death than #Thar's children or our soldier's death."
     "At what point do I stop staring at Nala and get on with my evening? She's been asleep for the past 30 mins but I can't take my eyes off her"
     "Marcus Mariota with an outstanding 1st half vs rival Oregon State - 244 Pass yds, 3 TD, 0 Int and this 23-yd Rush TD.
http://t.co/Sl9w4Hl8ZI"
     "THIS JUST IN: Red Lightning warming up on the sidelines after Jameis Winston throws second INT. http://t.co/ySQ4OYuiWw"
     --J. ROSS BROWNE'S ETCHINGS OF A WHALING CRUIZE.  1846.

"IBM analytics show that iOS dominates online purchasing in both transactions and average sale values http://t.co/pzm9AT3obb" --"Whatever fits your narrative. RT @katieemay14: #Ferguson http://t.co/rnqwDsNxR5" BY LAY AND HUSSEY SURVIVORS.
A.D. 1828.

"Benedict Cumberbatch has photobombed 89,604,200 Britons since the Oscars. Tensions are high, civil war is inevitable." --MISSIONARY
JOURNAL OF TYERMAN AND BENNETT.

"VP Joe Biden made an appearance at the Nantucket Atheneum’s annual Cold Turkey Plunge  http://t.co/oL6MkOS5Dy http://t.co/eu1u3fSgoH" said Mr. Webster, "#Capricorns are hardworking, unemotional, shrewd, practical, responsible and persevering type of people."
--REPORT OF DANIEL WEBSTER'S SPEECH IN THE U. S. SENATE, ON THE
APPLICATION FOR THE ERECTION OF A BREAKWATER AT NANTUCKET. 1828.

"STAR WARS!!!!! Language and emojis fail to express what's in my heart at this moment."
--"“Biography is paradoxical—I wouldn’t want it done to me, yet I’m very keen to do it to other people.” —Hermione Lee http://t.co/e3kC29cv40" BY REV. HENRY T. CHEEVER.

"When you in the shower home alone an heard a noise http://t.co/OH4Q0kRask" replied Samuel, ""Fine, I'll go to hell then." http://t.co/hr0aPsNlji" --LIFE OF SAMUEL COMSTOCK (THE MUTINEER), BY HIS BROTHER,
WILLIAM COMSTOCK. ANOTHER VERSION OF THE WHALE-SHIP GLOBE NARRATIVE.

"#RIP to my best childhood comedian who taught us that is possible to make us laugh without being vulgar.
#Chespirito http://t.co/O8rStVrYtV"
--MCCULLOCH'S COMMERCIAL DICTIONARY.

"You can't hold me like a pinch of salt and expect me to carry you like a bag of rice. Value is reciprocal." --FROM "if i ever tell u that something is my favorite song dont listen to me im a liar i have more favorite songs than there are babies in china" UNPUBLISHED.

"Congratulations to Antonio Valencia, who makes his 200th #mufc appearance today. http://t.co/XUa795Ih5w" --CURRENTS
AND WHALING. U.S. EX. EX.

"Pedestrians, pedal &amp; motorcyclists...
Please be aware of blind spots on lorries.
Lorry drivers, take an extra look. http://t.co/TkZQE3IKtF" --TALES OF A WHALE
VOYAGER TO THE ARCTIC OCEAN.

"#mufc's first-half stats vs Hull City. Shots 8 (on target 3, off target 2, blocked 3), possession 76%, pass completion 93%. #mufclive" --NEWSPAPER ACCOUNT OF THE TAKING AND RETAKING
OF THE WHALE-SHIP HOBOMACK.

"Once again may the soul of the departed rest in peace and may #Nigeria find the wisdom to stop further deaths (Amin)." --CRUISE IN A WHALE BOAT.

"when youre at a concert does it suddenly hit you at random moments that the band are real people and not just pictures on the internet" --MIRIAM COFFIN OR THE
WHALE FISHERMAN.

"cast iron skillet, hands down RT @arieeolla: 1. What is your absolute favorite thing in your kitchen? (Tool, appliance, feature, etc)" --A CHAPTER ON WHALING IN RIBS AND TRUCKS.

"Swimming in a pool of gin. #RockingIt" (Terra Del Fuego), "I Got A Question

If money doesn't grow on trees, why do banks have branches? Hmm? HMM?" --DARWIN'S VOYAGE OF A NATURALIST.

"How dare this snake Asfandyar Wali threaten to make "5 constitutions? Threatening to break Pakistan?? By Allah, he will curse his birth.."
--WHARTON THE WHALE KILLER.

"These #Ferguson cartoons compiled by @comicriffs are intense: http://t.co/TYg4E1aCHT http://t.co/solUQGOhGp" --NANTUCKET SONG.

     "Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown"
     --WHALE SONG.




CHAPTER 1. Loomings.


Call me Ishmael. Some years ago--never mind how long precisely--having
little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on
shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of
the world. It is a way I have of driving off the spleen and regulating
the circulation. Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth;
whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find
myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up
the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get
such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to
prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically
knocking people's hats off--then, I account it high time to get to sea
as soon as I can. This is my substitute for pistol and ball. With a
philosophical flourish Cato throws himself upon his sword; I quietly
take to the ship. There is nothing surprising in this. If they but knew
it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish very
nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.

There now is your insular city of the Manhattoes, belted round by
wharves as Indian isles by coral reefs--commerce surrounds it with
her surf. Right and left, the streets take you waterward. Its extreme
downtown is the battery, where that noble mole is washed by waves, and
cooled by breezes, which a few hours previous were out of sight of land.
Look at the crowds of water-gazers there.

Circumambulate the city of a dreamy Sabbath afternoon. Go from Corlears
Hook to Coenties Slip, and from thence, by Whitehall, northward. What
do you see?--Posted like silent sentinels all around the town, stand
thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in ocean reveries. Some
leaning against the spiles; some seated upon the pier-heads; some
looking over the bulwarks of ships from China; some high aloft in the
rigging, as if striving to get a still better seaward peep. But these
are all landsmen; of week days pent up in lath and plaster--tied to
counters, nailed to benches, clinched to desks. How then is this? Are
the green fields gone? What do they here?

But look! here come more crowds, pacing straight for the water, and
seemingly bound for a dive. Strange! Nothing will content them but the
extremest limit of the land; loitering under the shady lee of yonder
warehouses will not suffice. No. They must get just as nigh the water
as they possibly can without falling in. And there they stand--miles of
them--leagues. Inlanders all, they come from lanes and alleys, streets
and avenues--north, east, south, and west. Yet here they all unite.
Tell me, does the magnetic virtue of the needles of the compasses of all
those ships attract them thither?

Once more. Say you are in the country; in some high land of lakes. Take
almost any path you please, and ten to one it carries you down in a
dale, and leaves you there by a pool in the stream. There is magic
in it. Let the most absent-minded of men be plunged in his deepest
reveries--stand that man on his legs, set his feet a-going, and he will
infallibly lead you to water, if water there be in all that region.
Should you ever be athirst in the great American desert, try this
experiment, if your caravan happen to be supplied with a metaphysical
professor. Yes, as every one knows, meditation and water are wedded for
ever.

But here is an artist. He desires to paint you the dreamiest, shadiest,
quietest, most enchanting bit of romantic landscape in all the valley of
the Saco. What is the chief element he employs? There stand his trees,
each with a hollow trunk, as if a hermit and a crucifix were within; and
here sleeps his meadow, and there sleep his cattle; and up from yonder
cottage goes a sleepy smoke. Deep into distant woodlands winds a
mazy way, reaching to overlapping spurs of mountains bathed in their
hill-side blue. But though the picture lies thus tranced, and though
this pine-tree shakes down its sighs like leaves upon this shepherd's
head, yet all were vain, unless the shepherd's eye were fixed upon the
magic stream before him. Go visit the Prairies in June, when for scores
on scores of miles you wade knee-deep among Tiger-lilies--what is the
one charm wanting?--Water--there is not a drop of water there! Were
Niagara but a cataract of sand, would you travel your thousand miles to
see it? Why did the poor poet of Tennessee, upon suddenly receiving two
handfuls of silver, deliberate whether to buy him a coat, which he sadly
needed, or invest his money in a pedestrian trip to Rockaway Beach? Why
is almost every robust healthy boy with a robust healthy soul in him, at
some time or other crazy to go to sea? Why upon your first voyage as a
passenger, did you yourself feel such a mystical vibration, when first
told that you and your ship were now out of sight of land? Why did the
old Persians hold the sea holy? Why did the Greeks give it a separate
deity, and own brother of Jove? Surely all this is not without meaning.
And still deeper the meaning of that story of Narcissus, who because
he could not grasp the tormenting, mild image he saw in the fountain,
plunged into it and was drowned. But that same image, we ourselves see
in all rivers and oceans. It is the image of the ungraspable phantom of
life; and this is the key to it all.

Now, when I say that I am in the habit of going to sea whenever I begin
to grow hazy about the eyes, and begin to be over conscious of my lungs,
I do not mean to have it inferred that I ever go to sea as a passenger.
For to go as a passenger you must needs have a purse, and a purse is
but a rag unless you have something in it. Besides, passengers get
sea-sick--grow quarrelsome--don't sleep of nights--do not enjoy
themselves much, as a general thing;--no, I never go as a passenger;
nor, though I am something of a salt, do I ever go to sea as a
Commodore, or a Captain, or a Cook. I abandon the glory and distinction
of such offices to those who like them. For my part, I abominate all
honourable respectable toils, trials, and tribulations of every kind
whatsoever. It is quite as much as I can do to take care of myself,
without taking care of ships, barques, brigs, schooners, and what not.
And as for going as cook,--though I confess there is considerable glory
in that, a cook being a sort of officer on ship-board--yet, somehow,
I never fancied broiling fowls;--though once broiled, judiciously
buttered, and judgmatically salted and peppered, there is no one who
will speak more respectfully, not to say reverentially, of a broiled
fowl than I will. It is out of the idolatrous dotings of the old
Egyptians upon broiled ibis and roasted river horse, that you see the
mummies of those creatures in their huge bake-houses the pyramids.

No, when I go to sea, I go as a simple sailor, right before the mast,
plumb down into the forecastle, aloft there to the royal mast-head.
True, they rather order me about some, and make me jump from spar to
spar, like a grasshopper in a May meadow. And at first, this sort
of thing is unpleasant enough. It touches one's sense of honour,
particularly if you come of an old established family in the land, the
Van Rensselaers, or Randolphs, or Hardicanutes. And more than all,
if just previous to putting your hand into the tar-pot, you have been
lording it as a country schoolmaster, making the tallest boys stand
in awe of you. The transition is a keen one, I assure you, from a
schoolmaster to a sailor, and requires a strong decoction of Seneca and
the Stoics to enable you to grin and bear it. But even this wears off in
time.

What of it, if some old hunks of a sea-captain orders me to get a broom
and sweep down the decks? What does that indignity amount to, weighed,
I mean, in the scales of the New Testament? Do you think the archangel
Gabriel thinks anything the less of me, because I promptly and
respectfully obey that old hunks in that particular instance? Who ain't
a slave? Tell me that. Well, then, however the old sea-captains may
order me about--however they may thump and punch me about, I have the
satisfaction of knowing that it is all right; that everybody else is
one way or other served in much the same way--either in a physical
or metaphysical point of view, that is; and so the universal thump is
passed round, and all hands should rub each other's shoulder-blades, and
be content.

Again, I always go to sea as a sailor, because they make a point of
paying me for my trouble, whereas they never pay passengers a single
penny that I ever heard of. On the contrary, passengers themselves must
pay. And there is all the difference in the world between paying
and being paid. The act of paying is perhaps the most uncomfortable
infliction that the two orchard thieves entailed upon us. But BEING
PAID,--what will compare with it? The urbane activity with which a man
receives money is really marvellous, considering that we so earnestly
believe money to be the root of all earthly ills, and that on no account
can a monied man enter heaven. Ah! how cheerfully we consign ourselves
to perdition!

Finally, I always go to sea as a sailor, because of the wholesome
exercise and pure air of the fore-castle deck. For as in this world,
head winds are far more prevalent than winds from astern (that is,
if you never violate the Pythagorean maxim), so for the most part the
Commodore on the quarter-deck gets his atmosphere at second hand from
the sailors on the forecastle. He thinks he breathes it first; but not
so. In much the same way do the commonalty lead their leaders in many
other things, at the same time that the leaders little suspect it.
But wherefore it was that after having repeatedly smelt the sea as a
merchant sailor, I should now take it into my head to go on a whaling
voyage; this the invisible police officer of the Fates, who has the
constant surveillance of me, and secretly dogs me, and influences me
in some unaccountable way--he can better answer than any one else. And,
doubtless, my going on this whaling voyage, formed part of the grand
programme of Providence that was drawn up a long time ago. It came in as
a sort of brief interlude and solo between more extensive performances.
I take it that this part of the bill must have run something like this:


"Sarkozy tipped to lead party in new charge for French presidency http://t.co/tMEopg51fr http://t.co/TF34rmx7bR"WHALING VOYAGE BY ONE ISHMAEL.

"This is bloody amazing #MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/cUofROhHa5"


Though I cannot tell why it was exactly that those stage managers, the
Fates, put me down for this shabby part of a whaling voyage, when others
were set down for magnificent parts in high tragedies, and short and
easy parts in genteel comedies, and jolly parts in farces--though
I cannot tell why this was exactly; yet, now that I recall all the
circumstances, I think I can see a little into the springs and motives
which being cunningly presented to me under various disguises, induced
me to set about performing the part I did, besides cajoling me into the
delusion that it was a choice resulting from my own unbiased freewill
and discriminating judgment.

Chief among these motives was the overwhelming idea of the great
whale himself. Such a portentous and mysterious monster roused all my
curiosity. Then the wild and distant seas where he rolled his island
bulk; the undeliverable, nameless perils of the whale; these, with all
the attending marvels of a thousand Patagonian sights and sounds, helped
to sway me to my wish. With other men, perhaps, such things would not
have been inducements; but as for me, I am tormented with an everlasting
itch for things remote. I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on
barbarous coasts. Not ignoring what is good, I am quick to perceive a
horror, and could still be social with it--would they let me--since it
is but well to be on friendly terms with all the inmates of the place
one lodges in.

By reason of these things, then, the whaling voyage was welcome; the
great flood-gates of the wonder-world swung open, and in the wild
conceits that swayed me to my purpose, two and two there floated into
my inmost soul, endless processions of the whale, and, mid most of them
all, one grand hooded phantom, like a snow hill in the air.



CHAPTER 2. The Carpet-Bag.


I stuffed a shirt or two into my old carpet-bag, tucked it under my arm,
and started for Cape Horn and the Pacific. Quitting the good city of
old Manhatto, I duly arrived in New Bedford. It was a Saturday night in
December. Much was I disappointed upon learning that the little packet
for Nantucket had already sailed, and that no way of reaching that place
would offer, till the following Monday.

As most young candidates for the pains and penalties of whaling stop at
this same New Bedford, thence to embark on their voyage, it may as well
be related that I, for one, had no idea of so doing. For my mind was
made up to sail in no other than a Nantucket craft, because there was a
fine, boisterous something about everything connected with that famous
old island, which amazingly pleased me. Besides though New Bedford has
of late been gradually monopolising the business of whaling, and though
in this matter poor old Nantucket is now much behind her, yet Nantucket
was her great original--the Tyre of this Carthage;--the place where the
first dead American whale was stranded. Where else but from Nantucket
did those aboriginal whalemen, the Red-Men, first sally out in canoes to
give chase to the Leviathan? And where but from Nantucket, too, did that
first adventurous little sloop put forth, partly laden with imported
cobblestones--so goes the story--to throw at the whales, in order to
discover when they were nigh enough to risk a harpoon from the bowsprit?

Now having a night, a day, and still another night following before me
in New Bedford, ere I could embark for my destined port, it became a
matter of concernment where I was to eat and sleep meanwhile. It was a
very dubious-looking, nay, a very dark and dismal night, bitingly cold
and cheerless. I knew no one in the place. With anxious grapnels I had
sounded my pocket, and only brought up a few pieces of silver,--So,
wherever you go, Ishmael, said I to myself, as I stood in the middle of
a dreary street shouldering my bag, and comparing the gloom towards the
north with the darkness towards the south--wherever in your wisdom you
may conclude to lodge for the night, my dear Ishmael, be sure to inquire
the price, and don't be too particular.

With halting steps I paced the streets, and passed the sign of "In the end, it was goal-line technology that informed referee Anthony Taylor the ball had definitely crossed the line. #mufclive"--but it looked too expensive and jolly there. Further
on, from the bright red windows of the "An Elephant stops a tram on Gray's Inn Road, London, to eat an apple from the driver. December 1936 http://t.co/4nx56f39hg" there came such
fervent rays, that it seemed to have melted the packed snow and ice from
before the house, for everywhere else the congealed frost lay ten inches
thick in a hard, asphaltic pavement,--rather weary for me, when I struck
my foot against the flinty projections, because from hard, remorseless
service the soles of my boots were in a most miserable plight. Too
expensive and jolly, again thought I, pausing one moment to watch the
broad glare in the street, and hear the sounds of the tinkling glasses
within. But go on, Ishmael, said I at last; don't you hear? get away
from before the door; your patched boots are stopping the way. So on I
went. I now by instinct followed the streets that took me waterward, for
there, doubtless, were the cheapest, if not the cheeriest inns.

Such dreary streets! blocks of blackness, not houses, on either hand,
and here and there a candle, like a candle moving about in a tomb. At
this hour of the night, of the last day of the week, that quarter of
the town proved all but deserted. But presently I came to a smoky light
proceeding from a low, wide building, the door of which stood invitingly
open. It had a careless look, as if it were meant for the uses of the
public; so, entering, the first thing I did was to stumble over an
ash-box in the porch. Ha! thought I, ha, as the flying particles almost
choked me, are these ashes from that destroyed city, Gomorrah? But "In the end, it was goal-line technology that informed referee Anthony Taylor the ball had definitely crossed the line. #mufclive" and "We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"--this, then must needs be the
sign of "How to avoid the unhappiness trap of materialism this holiday season? By cultivating gratitude, social scientists say http://t.co/23ZaaFkNQi" However, I picked myself up and hearing a loud voice
within, pushed on and opened a second, interior door.

It seemed the great Black Parliament sitting in Tophet. A hundred black
faces turned round in their rows to peer; and beyond, a black Angel
of Doom was beating a book in a pulpit. It was a negro church; and the
preacher's text was about the blackness of darkness, and the weeping and
wailing and teeth-gnashing there. Ha, Ishmael, muttered I, backing out,
Wretched entertainment at the sign of 'The Trap!'

Moving on, I at last came to a dim sort of light not far from the docks,
and heard a forlorn creaking in the air; and looking up, saw a swinging
sign over the door with a white painting upon it, faintly representing
a tall straight jet of misty spray, and these words underneath--"John Lennon would frequently nap in a coffin his manager had."

Coffin?--Spouter?--Rather ominous in that particular connexion, thought
I. But it is a common name in Nantucket, they say, and I suppose this
Peter here is an emigrant from there. As the light looked so dim, and
the place, for the time, looked quiet enough, and the dilapidated little
wooden house itself looked as if it might have been carted here from
the ruins of some burnt district, and as the swinging sign had a
poverty-stricken sort of creak to it, I thought that here was the very
spot for cheap lodgings, and the best of pea coffee.

It was a queer sort of place--a gable-ended old house, one side palsied
as it were, and leaning over sadly. It stood on a sharp bleak corner,
where that tempestuous wind Euroclydon kept up a worse howling than ever
it did about poor Paul's tossed craft. Euroclydon, nevertheless, is a
mighty pleasant zephyr to any one in-doors, with his feet on the hob
quietly toasting for bed. "I'm judging whoever doesn't rt this http://t.co/8hjXBk1bKn" says an old writer--of whose works I possess the only copy
extant--"What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?

Snowballs." True enough,
thought I, as this passage occurred to my mind--old black-letter, thou
reasonest well. Yes, these eyes are windows, and this body of mine is
the house. What a pity they didn't stop up the chinks and the crannies
though, and thrust in a little lint here and there. But it's too late
to make any improvements now. The universe is finished; the copestone
is on, and the chips were carted off a million years ago. Poor Lazarus
there, chattering his teeth against the curbstone for his pillow, and
shaking off his tatters with his shiverings, he might plug up both ears
with rags, and put a corn-cob into his mouth, and yet that would not
keep out the tempestuous Euroclydon. Euroclydon! says old Dives, in his
red silken wrapper--(he had a redder one afterwards) pooh, pooh! What
a fine frosty night; how Orion glitters; what northern lights! Let them
talk of their oriental summer climes of everlasting conservatories; give
me the privilege of making my own summer with my own coals.

But what thinks Lazarus? Can he warm his blue hands by holding them up
to the grand northern lights? Would not Lazarus rather be in Sumatra
than here? Would he not far rather lay him down lengthwise along the
line of the equator; yea, ye gods! go down to the fiery pit itself, in
order to keep out this frost?

Now, that Lazarus should lie stranded there on the curbstone before the
door of Dives, this is more wonderful than that an iceberg should be
moored to one of the Moluccas. Yet Dives himself, he too lives like a
Czar in an ice palace made of frozen sighs, and being a president of a
temperance society, he only drinks the tepid tears of orphans.

But no more of this blubbering now, we are going a-whaling, and there is
plenty of that yet to come. Let us scrape the ice from our frosted feet,
and see what sort of a place this "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" may be.



CHAPTER 3. The Spouter-Inn.


Entering that gable-ended Spouter-Inn, you found yourself in a wide,
low, straggling entry with old-fashioned wainscots, reminding one of
the bulwarks of some condemned old craft. On one side hung a very large
oilpainting so thoroughly besmoked, and every way defaced, that in the
unequal crosslights by which you viewed it, it was only by diligent
study and a series of systematic visits to it, and careful inquiry of
the neighbors, that you could any way arrive at an understanding of its
purpose. Such unaccountable masses of shades and shadows, that at first
you almost thought some ambitious young artist, in the time of the New
England hags, had endeavored to delineate chaos bewitched. But by dint
of much and earnest contemplation, and oft repeated ponderings, and
especially by throwing open the little window towards the back of the
entry, you at last come to the conclusion that such an idea, however
wild, might not be altogether unwarranted.

But what most puzzled and confounded you was a long, limber, portentous,
black mass of something hovering in the centre of the picture over three
blue, dim, perpendicular lines floating in a nameless yeast. A boggy,
soggy, squitchy picture truly, enough to drive a nervous man distracted.
Yet was there a sort of indefinite, half-attained, unimaginable
sublimity about it that fairly froze you to it, till you involuntarily
took an oath with yourself to find out what that marvellous painting
meant. Ever and anon a bright, but, alas, deceptive idea would dart you
through.--It's the Black Sea in a midnight gale.--It's the unnatural
combat of the four primal elements.--It's a blasted heath.--It's a
Hyperborean winter scene.--It's the breaking-up of the icebound stream
of Time. But at last all these fancies yielded to that one portentous
something in the picture's midst. THAT once found out, and all the rest
were plain. But stop; does it not bear a faint resemblance to a gigantic
fish? even the great leviathan himself?

In fact, the artist's design seemed this: a final theory of my own,
partly based upon the aggregated opinions of many aged persons with whom
I conversed upon the subject. The picture represents a Cape-Horner in a
great hurricane; the half-foundered ship weltering there with its three
dismantled masts alone visible; and an exasperated whale, purposing to
spring clean over the craft, is in the enormous act of impaling himself
upon the three mast-heads.

The opposite wall of this entry was hung all over with a heathenish
array of monstrous clubs and spears. Some were thickly set with
glittering teeth resembling ivory saws; others were tufted with knots of
human hair; and one was sickle-shaped, with a vast handle sweeping round
like the segment made in the new-mown grass by a long-armed mower. You
shuddered as you gazed, and wondered what monstrous cannibal and savage
could ever have gone a death-harvesting with such a hacking, horrifying
implement. Mixed with these were rusty old whaling lances and harpoons
all broken and deformed. Some were storied weapons. With this once long
lance, now wildly elbowed, fifty years ago did Nathan Swain kill fifteen
whales between a sunrise and a sunset. And that harpoon--so like a
corkscrew now--was flung in Javan seas, and run away with by a whale,
years afterwards slain off the Cape of Blanco. The original iron entered
nigh the tail, and, like a restless needle sojourning in the body of a
man, travelled full forty feet, and at last was found imbedded in the
hump.

Crossing this dusky entry, and on through yon low-arched way--cut
through what in old times must have been a great central chimney with
fireplaces all round--you enter the public room. A still duskier place
is this, with such low ponderous beams above, and such old wrinkled
planks beneath, that you would almost fancy you trod some old craft's
cockpits, especially of such a howling night, when this corner-anchored
old ark rocked so furiously. On one side stood a long, low, shelf-like
table covered with cracked glass cases, filled with dusty rarities
gathered from this wide world's remotest nooks. Projecting from the
further angle of the room stands a dark-looking den--the bar--a rude
attempt at a right whale's head. Be that how it may, there stands the
vast arched bone of the whale's jaw, so wide, a coach might almost drive
beneath it. Within are shabby shelves, ranged round with old decanters,
bottles, flasks; and in those jaws of swift destruction, like another
cursed Jonah (by which name indeed they called him), bustles a little
withered old man, who, for their money, dearly sells the sailors
deliriums and death.

Abominable are the tumblers into which he pours his poison. Though
true cylinders without--within, the villanous green goggling glasses
deceitfully tapered downwards to a cheating bottom. Parallel meridians
rudely pecked into the glass, surround these footpads' goblets. Fill to
THIS mark, and your charge is but a penny; to THIS a penny more; and so
on to the full glass--the Cape Horn measure, which you may gulp down for
a shilling.

Upon entering the place I found a number of young seamen gathered about
a table, examining by a dim light divers specimens of SKRIMSHANDER. I
sought the landlord, and telling him I desired to be accommodated with a
room, received for answer that his house was full--not a bed unoccupied.
"Assassin's Creed Rogue review: Avast ye, clone! ★★★ http://t.co/uHbxVRrbY9 | http://t.co/aqnzWsItBI" he added, tapping his forehead, "the highlight of the whole day was the talk dirty to me video no objections  

#1YearOf1DDAY
#MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/OADzNOGtrW"

I told him that I never liked to sleep two in a bed; that if I should
ever do so, it would depend upon who the harpooneer might be, and
that if he (the landlord) really had no other place for me, and the
harpooneer was not decidedly objectionable, why rather than wander
further about a strange town on so bitter a night, I would put up with
the half of any decent man's blanket.

"stare directly into the sun For Free #blackfridaydeals"

I sat down on an old wooden settle, carved all over like a bench on the
Battery. At one end a ruminating tar was still further adorning it with
his jack-knife, stooping over and diligently working away at the space
between his legs. He was trying his hand at a ship under full sail, but
he didn't make much headway, I thought.

At last some four or five of us were summoned to our meal in an
adjoining room. It was cold as Iceland--no fire at all--the landlord
said he couldn't afford it. Nothing but two dismal tallow candles, each
in a winding sheet. We were fain to button up our monkey jackets, and
hold to our lips cups of scalding tea with our half frozen fingers. But
the fare was of the most substantial kind--not only meat and potatoes,
but dumplings; good heavens! dumplings for supper! One young fellow in
a green box coat, addressed himself to these dumplings in a most direful
manner.

""I came upon this boy who had tears in his eyes and I knew this was the place to be" http://t.co/0yZ5P2UblZ #Ferguson http://t.co/nQH3TJ3tTX" said the landlord, "Every students worst nightmare https://t.co/aQK3v7GH06"

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" I whispered, "The guys have got an exclusive message for you about that #OnTheRoadAgain1D announcement … http://t.co/ij5N4PUtSJ"

"Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own" said he, looking a sort of diabolically funny, "From skewers to dumplings to sausages - what's a #streetfood or #streetsnack that's a must-try in your country? http://t.co/ulq4Mxqlfg"

"when youre at a concert does it suddenly hit you at random moments that the band are real people and not just pictures on the internet" says I. "Looking for a size large on #BlackFriday? Here's a supermassive black hole: http://t.co/gGSwz1ZCVH #BlackHoleFriday http://t.co/cEMoScMH1W"

"Paris &gt; Newcastle &gt; Dublin &gt; Birmingham. Long day. But the drinking begins now" was the answer.

I could not help it, but I began to feel suspicious of this "What's it going to be...the dark side or the light? RT for dark, FAVE for light. #Nissan #GTR #NISMO http://t.co/BlCGq61RkH" harpooneer. At any rate, I made up my mind that if it so
turned out that we should sleep together, he must undress and get into
bed before I did.

Supper over, the company went back to the bar-room, when, knowing not
what else to do with myself, I resolved to spend the rest of the evening
as a looker on.

Presently a rioting noise was heard without. Starting up, the landlord
cried, "#EurekaMag Disseminated Toxoplasmosis in a Mediterranean Pregnant Risso's Dolphin Grampus griseus with… http://t.co/u9UctO4RiJ"

A tramping of sea boots was heard in the entry; the door was flung open,
and in rolled a wild set of mariners enough. Enveloped in their shaggy
watch coats, and with their heads muffled in woollen comforters, all
bedarned and ragged, and their beards stiff with icicles, they seemed an
eruption of bears from Labrador. They had just landed from their boat,
and this was the first house they entered. No wonder, then, that they
made a straight wake for the whale's mouth--the bar--when the wrinkled
little old Jonah, there officiating, soon poured them out brimmers all
round. One complained of a bad cold in his head, upon which Jonah
mixed him a pitch-like potion of gin and molasses, which he swore was a
sovereign cure for all colds and catarrhs whatsoever, never mind of how
long standing, or whether caught off the coast of Labrador, or on the
weather side of an ice-island.

The liquor soon mounted into their heads, as it generally does even
with the arrantest topers newly landed from sea, and they began capering
about most obstreperously.

I observed, however, that one of them held somewhat aloof, and though
he seemed desirous not to spoil the hilarity of his shipmates by his own
sober face, yet upon the whole he refrained from making as much noise
as the rest. This man interested me at once; and since the sea-gods
had ordained that he should soon become my shipmate (though but a
sleeping-partner one, so far as this narrative is concerned), I will
here venture upon a little description of him. He stood full six feet
in height, with noble shoulders, and a chest like a coffer-dam. I have
seldom seen such brawn in a man. His face was deeply brown and burnt,
making his white teeth dazzling by the contrast; while in the deep
shadows of his eyes floated some reminiscences that did not seem to give
him much joy. His voice at once announced that he was a Southerner,
and from his fine stature, I thought he must be one of those tall
mountaineers from the Alleghanian Ridge in Virginia. When the revelry
of his companions had mounted to its height, this man slipped away
unobserved, and I saw no more of him till he became my comrade on the
sea. In a few minutes, however, he was missed by his shipmates, and
being, it seems, for some reason a huge favourite with them, they raised
a cry of "Here's that moment where Aimee met @edsheeran and then performed with him! http://t.co/wOJe67Uh6z #LateLateToyShow http://t.co/awThqYT5Ge" and darted out of
the house in pursuit of him.

It was now about nine o'clock, and the room seeming almost
supernaturally quiet after these orgies, I began to congratulate myself
upon a little plan that had occurred to me just previous to the entrance
of the seamen.

No man prefers to sleep two in a bed. In fact, you would a good deal
rather not sleep with your own brother. I don't know how it is, but
people like to be private when they are sleeping. And when it comes to
sleeping with an unknown stranger, in a strange inn, in a strange
town, and that stranger a harpooneer, then your objections indefinitely
multiply. Nor was there any earthly reason why I as a sailor should
sleep two in a bed, more than anybody else; for sailors no more sleep
two in a bed at sea, than bachelor Kings do ashore. To be sure they
all sleep together in one apartment, but you have your own hammock, and
cover yourself with your own blanket, and sleep in your own skin.

The more I pondered over this harpooneer, the more I abominated the
thought of sleeping with him. It was fair to presume that being a
harpooneer, his linen or woollen, as the case might be, would not be of
the tidiest, certainly none of the finest. I began to twitch all over.
Besides, it was getting late, and my decent harpooneer ought to be
home and going bedwards. Suppose now, he should tumble in upon me at
midnight--how could I tell from what vile hole he had been coming?

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz"

"For a final ingenious touch to the Thanksgiving dinner table, we present our serving spoon turned tablecloth holder. http://t.co/f5HDZ2GE1l"--feeling of the knots and
notches. "Sabrina Carpenter @SabrinaAnnLynn performs at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade! http://t.co/24oxmJTTNq" So saying
he procured the plane; and with his old silk handkerchief first dusting
the bench, vigorously set to planing away at my bed, the while grinning
like an ape. The shavings flew right and left; till at last the
plane-iron came bump against an indestructible knot. The landlord was
near spraining his wrist, and I told him for heaven's sake to quit--the
bed was soft enough to suit me, and I did not know how all the planing
in the world could make eider down of a pine plank. So gathering up the
shavings with another grin, and throwing them into the great stove in
the middle of the room, he went about his business, and left me in a
brown study.

I now took the measure of the bench, and found that it was a foot too
short; but that could be mended with a chair. But it was a foot too
narrow, and the other bench in the room was about four inches higher
than the planed one--so there was no yoking them. I then placed the
first bench lengthwise along the only clear space against the wall,
leaving a little interval between, for my back to settle down in. But I
soon found that there came such a draught of cold air over me from under
the sill of the window, that this plan would never do at all, especially
as another current from the rickety door met the one from the window,
and both together formed a series of small whirlwinds in the immediate
vicinity of the spot where I had thought to spend the night.

The devil fetch that harpooneer, thought I, but stop, couldn't I steal
a march on him--bolt his door inside, and jump into his bed, not to be
wakened by the most violent knockings? It seemed no bad idea; but upon
second thoughts I dismissed it. For who could tell but what the next
morning, so soon as I popped out of the room, the harpooneer might be
standing in the entry, all ready to knock me down!

Still, looking round me again, and seeing no possible chance of spending
a sufferable night unless in some other person's bed, I began to think
that after all I might be cherishing unwarrantable prejudices against
this unknown harpooneer. Thinks I, I'll wait awhile; he must be dropping
in before long. I'll have a good look at him then, and perhaps we may
become jolly good bedfellows after all--there's no telling.

But though the other boarders kept coming in by ones, twos, and threes,
and going to bed, yet no sign of my harpooneer.

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" said I, "He never fails to amaze me with the things he does for us, I appreciate everything he's done for us, love you man  #WhyWeLoveReynolds" It was now hard upon twelve o'clock.

The landlord chuckled again with his lean chuckle, and seemed to
be mightily tickled at something beyond my comprehension. "Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own" he
answered, "Generally, a woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested."

"Change the subject. What chance more decent jobs as Europe, Japan, Russia, India, China all start to head south? Dangerous time." getting into a towering rage. "NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz"

""Suppose time is a circle, bending back on itself. The world repeats itself, precisely, endlessly." http://t.co/mkKb5hjR5A #quoteoftheday" said the landlord, "There's a Go Fund Me to help rebuild Sam's Meat Market in Ferguson --&gt; http://t.co/4iEGGYeuJg 

Their story:  http://t.co/avtt3jWjG1"

"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X" shouted I.

"A Smithsonian paleontologist fact-checked the "Jurassic World" trailer. His take? "Meh." http://t.co/Fd3Ci09XOj http://t.co/gg0Jv3g746"

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" said I quite calmly, "I don't dance, but here I am spinning you around and around in circles. -Lee Brice"

"#WhenIWasYourAge: Religion was taught in Sunday School, not in your Science Classroom." taking out a stick and whittling a toothpick, "Head to @iTunesTrailers for the exclusive digital debut of the Star Wars: #TheForceAwakens teaser: http://t.co/fEORoL6QWg #StarWars"

"my little cousin has a book that him and his classmates had to make in school on how to make thanksgiving dinner and http://t.co/Om15f1yJuc" said I, now flying into a passion again at this
unaccountable farrago of the landlord's.

"RT if ur ready for 'Party People' to come out! Gonna be doing a huge follow spree when it drops on iTunes! Be ready🎶 http://t.co/7f8WkJwhC2" said he.

"If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you she is the one. 👌" said I--"If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you she is the one. 👌"

"I guess this is what growing up means http://t.co/5h4LS1DTcn"

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" said I, going up to him as cool as Mt. Hecla in a
snow-storm--"The prosecuting attorney is SUPPOSED TO put together a case for the PROSECUTION -- not the defense. No one represented Mike Brown."

"A 13-year-old boy reported missing four years ago has been found hidden behind a false wall http://t.co/MpS4dpqY3P http://t.co/1cdd1Pdesy" said the landlord, fetching a long breath, "To recap: Lucic on a beautiful passing play w/Eriksson &amp; Soderberg, 1:43 in. 28 seconds later, Morrow’s first NHL goal from Hamilton &amp; Gagne"

This account cleared up the otherwise unaccountable mystery, and showed
that the landlord, after all, had had no idea of fooling me--but at
the same time what could I think of a harpooneer who stayed out of a
Saturday night clean into the holy Sabbath, engaged in such a cannibal
business as selling the heads of dead idolators?

"Most Dangerous Neighborhoods in America - http://t.co/NltVK9KxY4 http://t.co/i2HzAJDaIX"

"i need a job that pays 5 million dollars a week" was the rejoinder. "Govt spent ₹26 crore in 15 days to arrest Rampal. Now that he is in custody, sell off his sprawling 12 acre Ashram &amp; make up for this loss" and so saying he lighted a candle and held it towards
me, offering to lead the way. But I stood irresolute; when looking at a
clock in the corner, he exclaimed "Last chance to restore faith in #GatorNation that this program IS headed somewhere... Come on boys let's ride 🐊🐊"

I considered the matter a moment, and then up stairs we went, and I was
ushered into a small room, cold as a clam, and furnished, sure enough,
with a prodigious bed, almost big enough indeed for any four harpooneers
to sleep abreast.

"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu" said the landlord, placing the candle on a crazy old sea chest
that did double duty as a wash-stand and centre table; "we wear tank tops to be comfortable not for you women to look at our muscles, we're people not sexual objects." I turned round from
eyeing the bed, but he had disappeared.

Folding back the counterpane, I stooped over the bed. Though none of the
most elegant, it yet stood the scrutiny tolerably well. I then glanced
round the room; and besides the bedstead and centre table, could see
no other furniture belonging to the place, but a rude shelf, the four
walls, and a papered fireboard representing a man striking a whale. Of
things not properly belonging to the room, there was a hammock lashed
up, and thrown upon the floor in one corner; also a large seaman's bag,
containing the harpooneer's wardrobe, no doubt in lieu of a land trunk.
Likewise, there was a parcel of outlandish bone fish hooks on the shelf
over the fire-place, and a tall harpoon standing at the head of the bed.

But what is this on the chest? I took it up, and held it close to the
light, and felt it, and smelt it, and tried every way possible to arrive
at some satisfactory conclusion concerning it. I can compare it to
nothing but a large door mat, ornamented at the edges with little
tinkling tags something like the stained porcupine quills round an
Indian moccasin. There was a hole or slit in the middle of this mat,
as you see the same in South American ponchos. But could it be possible
that any sober harpooneer would get into a door mat, and parade the
streets of any Christian town in that sort of guise? I put it on, to try
it, and it weighed me down like a hamper, being uncommonly shaggy and
thick, and I thought a little damp, as though this mysterious harpooneer
had been wearing it of a rainy day. I went up in it to a bit of glass
stuck against the wall, and I never saw such a sight in my life. I tore
myself out of it in such a hurry that I gave myself a kink in the neck.

I sat down on the side of the bed, and commenced thinking about this
head-peddling harpooneer, and his door mat. After thinking some time on
the bed-side, I got up and took off my monkey jacket, and then stood in
the middle of the room thinking. I then took off my coat, and thought
a little more in my shirt sleeves. But beginning to feel very cold now,
half undressed as I was, and remembering what the landlord said about
the harpooneer's not coming home at all that night, it being so very
late, I made no more ado, but jumped out of my pantaloons and boots, and
then blowing out the light tumbled into bed, and commended myself to the
care of heaven.

Whether that mattress was stuffed with corn-cobs or broken crockery,
there is no telling, but I rolled about a good deal, and could not sleep
for a long time. At last I slid off into a light doze, and had pretty
nearly made a good offing towards the land of Nod, when I heard a heavy
footfall in the passage, and saw a glimmer of light come into the room
from under the door.

Lord save me, thinks I, that must be the harpooneer, the infernal
head-peddler. But I lay perfectly still, and resolved not to say a word
till spoken to. Holding a light in one hand, and that identical New
Zealand head in the other, the stranger entered the room, and without
looking towards the bed, placed his candle a good way off from me on the
floor in one corner, and then began working away at the knotted cords
of the large bag I before spoke of as being in the room. I was all
eagerness to see his face, but he kept it averted for some time while
employed in unlacing the bag's mouth. This accomplished, however, he
turned round--when, good heavens! what a sight! Such a face! It was of
a dark, purplish, yellow colour, here and there stuck over with large
blackish looking squares. Yes, it's just as I thought, he's a terrible
bedfellow; he's been in a fight, got dreadfully cut, and here he is,
just from the surgeon. But at that moment he chanced to turn his face
so towards the light, that I plainly saw they could not be
sticking-plasters at all, those black squares on his cheeks. They were
stains of some sort or other. At first I knew not what to make of this;
but soon an inkling of the truth occurred to me. I remembered a story of
a white man--a whaleman too--who, falling among the cannibals, had been
tattooed by them. I concluded that this harpooneer, in the course of his
distant voyages, must have met with a similar adventure. And what is it,
thought I, after all! It's only his outside; a man can be honest in any
sort of skin. But then, what to make of his unearthly complexion, that
part of it, I mean, lying round about, and completely independent of the
squares of tattooing. To be sure, it might be nothing but a good coat of
tropical tanning; but I never heard of a hot sun's tanning a white man
into a purplish yellow one. However, I had never been in the South Seas;
and perhaps the sun there produced these extraordinary effects upon the
skin. Now, while all these ideas were passing through me like lightning,
this harpooneer never noticed me at all. But, after some difficulty
having opened his bag, he commenced fumbling in it, and presently pulled
out a sort of tomahawk, and a seal-skin wallet with the hair on. Placing
these on the old chest in the middle of the room, he then took the New
Zealand head--a ghastly thing enough--and crammed it down into the bag.
He now took off his hat--a new beaver hat--when I came nigh singing out
with fresh surprise. There was no hair on his head--none to speak of at
least--nothing but a small scalp-knot twisted up on his forehead. His
bald purplish head now looked for all the world like a mildewed skull.
Had not the stranger stood between me and the door, I would have bolted
out of it quicker than ever I bolted a dinner.

Even as it was, I thought something of slipping out of the window, but
it was the second floor back. I am no coward, but what to make of
this head-peddling purple rascal altogether passed my comprehension.
Ignorance is the parent of fear, and being completely nonplussed and
confounded about the stranger, I confess I was now as much afraid of him
as if it was the devil himself who had thus broken into my room at
the dead of night. In fact, I was so afraid of him that I was not
game enough just then to address him, and demand a satisfactory answer
concerning what seemed inexplicable in him.

Meanwhile, he continued the business of undressing, and at last showed
his chest and arms. As I live, these covered parts of him were checkered
with the same squares as his face; his back, too, was all over the same
dark squares; he seemed to have been in a Thirty Years' War, and just
escaped from it with a sticking-plaster shirt. Still more, his very
legs were marked, as if a parcel of dark green frogs were running up
the trunks of young palms. It was now quite plain that he must be some
abominable savage or other shipped aboard of a whaleman in the South
Seas, and so landed in this Christian country. I quaked to think of it.
A peddler of heads too--perhaps the heads of his own brothers. He might
take a fancy to mine--heavens! look at that tomahawk!

But there was no time for shuddering, for now the savage went about
something that completely fascinated my attention, and convinced me that
he must indeed be a heathen. Going to his heavy grego, or wrapall, or
dreadnaught, which he had previously hung on a chair, he fumbled in the
pockets, and produced at length a curious little deformed image with
a hunch on its back, and exactly the colour of a three days' old Congo
baby. Remembering the embalmed head, at first I almost thought that
this black manikin was a real baby preserved in some similar manner. But
seeing that it was not at all limber, and that it glistened a good deal
like polished ebony, I concluded that it must be nothing but a wooden
idol, which indeed it proved to be. For now the savage goes up to the
empty fire-place, and removing the papered fire-board, sets up this
little hunch-backed image, like a tenpin, between the andirons. The
chimney jambs and all the bricks inside were very sooty, so that I
thought this fire-place made a very appropriate little shrine or chapel
for his Congo idol.

I now screwed my eyes hard towards the half hidden image, feeling but
ill at ease meantime--to see what was next to follow. First he takes
about a double handful of shavings out of his grego pocket, and places
them carefully before the idol; then laying a bit of ship biscuit on
top and applying the flame from the lamp, he kindled the shavings into
a sacrificial blaze. Presently, after many hasty snatches into the fire,
and still hastier withdrawals of his fingers (whereby he seemed to be
scorching them badly), he at last succeeded in drawing out the biscuit;
then blowing off the heat and ashes a little, he made a polite offer of
it to the little negro. But the little devil did not seem to fancy such
dry sort of fare at all; he never moved his lips. All these strange
antics were accompanied by still stranger guttural noises from the
devotee, who seemed to be praying in a sing-song or else singing some
pagan psalmody or other, during which his face twitched about in the
most unnatural manner. At last extinguishing the fire, he took the idol
up very unceremoniously, and bagged it again in his grego pocket as
carelessly as if he were a sportsman bagging a dead woodcock.

All these queer proceedings increased my uncomfortableness, and
seeing him now exhibiting strong symptoms of concluding his business
operations, and jumping into bed with me, I thought it was high time,
now or never, before the light was put out, to break the spell in which
I had so long been bound.

But the interval I spent in deliberating what to say, was a fatal one.
Taking up his tomahawk from the table, he examined the head of it for an
instant, and then holding it to the light, with his mouth at the handle,
he puffed out great clouds of tobacco smoke. The next moment the light
was extinguished, and this wild cannibal, tomahawk between his teeth,
sprang into bed with me. I sang out, I could not help it now; and giving
a sudden grunt of astonishment he began feeling me.

Stammering out something, I knew not what, I rolled away from him
against the wall, and then conjured him, whoever or whatever he might
be, to keep quiet, and let me get up and light the lamp again. But his
guttural responses satisfied me at once that he but ill comprehended my
meaning.

"I admire anybody who has the guts to write anything at all.
E. B. WHITE

#amwriting #writing http://t.co/KJ20WlKh0z"--he at last said--"Love Motorsport? Take 60 seconds to sign this Government e-petition! Noise complaints kill motorsport. Insanely... http://t.co/Fuq5Gdzh8D"
And so saying the lighted tomahawk began flourishing about me in the
dark.

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" shouted I. "NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz"

"Thousands of #women &amp; girls faced #sexualviolence in eastern #DRC conflict. Now they share &amp; speak out to #EndVAW: http://t.co/jzV55qJCZR" again growled the
cannibal, while his horrid flourishings of the tomahawk scattered the
hot tobacco ashes about me till I thought my linen would get on fire.
But thank heaven, at that moment the landlord came into the room light
in hand, and leaping from the bed I ran up to him.

"Spending a lil more time with my baby cousins before I leave. I don't wanna go home 😔 xomaddiebearxo 💜 http://t.co/ozkKLyl8aS" said he, grinning again, "ashton literally lives and breathes the 5sos live album like i wouldn't be surprised if it's his religion"

"all lauren gotta do is smile and i'm automatically grinning like a child look at this precious baby i'm so whipped http://t.co/hvRiVAZYnf" shouted I, "BOX SETS I RECOMMEND: Percy Jackson &amp; the Olympians, Harry Potter, Hunger Games, Legend, John Green collection, Infernal Devices, Uglies"

"Just watched a Will Ferrell movie all in Spanish.. I didn't understand any of it, but it was still entertaining because it was Will Ferrell."

"Mourinho says Sunderland deserve plenty of credit for the clean sheet they achieved. #CFC"--grunted Queequeg, puffing away at his pipe and
sitting up in bed.

"UK &amp; Ireland, pay attention to the ad breaks in tonight’s @TheXFactor for exciting tour news ..." he added, motioning to me with his tomahawk, and
throwing the clothes to one side. He really did this in not only a civil
but a really kind and charitable way. I stood looking at him a moment.
For all his tattooings he was on the whole a clean, comely looking
cannibal. What's all this fuss I have been making about, thought I to
myself--the man's a human being just as I am: he has just as much reason
to fear me, as I have to be afraid of him. Better sleep with a sober
cannibal than a drunken Christian.

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" said I, "Most Dangerous Neighborhoods in America - http://t.co/NltVK9KxY4 http://t.co/i2HzAJDaIX"

This being told to Queequeg, he at once complied, and again politely
motioned me to get into bed--rolling over to one side as much as to
say--"Gaya kamar elegant - Elegant touch of red along with black bedroom http://t.co/ldCDN8YVAl"

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" said I, "I AM SO EXCITED TO GO TO THE UK NEXT WEEK. AND WATCH ELF IN THE NEXT HOUR. BUT MOSTLY UK NEXT WEEK."

I turned in, and never slept better in my life.



CHAPTER 4. The Counterpane.


Upon waking next morning about daylight, I found Queequeg's arm thrown
over me in the most loving and affectionate manner. You had almost
thought I had been his wife. The counterpane was of patchwork, full of
odd little parti-coloured squares and triangles; and this arm of his
tattooed all over with an interminable Cretan labyrinth of a figure,
no two parts of which were of one precise shade--owing I suppose to
his keeping his arm at sea unmethodically in sun and shade, his shirt
sleeves irregularly rolled up at various times--this same arm of his, I
say, looked for all the world like a strip of that same patchwork quilt.
Indeed, partly lying on it as the arm did when I first awoke, I could
hardly tell it from the quilt, they so blended their hues together; and
it was only by the sense of weight and pressure that I could tell that
Queequeg was hugging me.

My sensations were strange. Let me try to explain them. When I was a
child, I well remember a somewhat similar circumstance that befell me;
whether it was a reality or a dream, I never could entirely settle.
The circumstance was this. I had been cutting up some caper or other--I
think it was trying to crawl up the chimney, as I had seen a little
sweep do a few days previous; and my stepmother who, somehow or other,
was all the time whipping me, or sending me to bed supperless,--my
mother dragged me by the legs out of the chimney and packed me off to
bed, though it was only two o'clock in the afternoon of the 21st June,
the longest day in the year in our hemisphere. I felt dreadfully. But
there was no help for it, so up stairs I went to my little room in the
third floor, undressed myself as slowly as possible so as to kill time,
and with a bitter sigh got between the sheets.

I lay there dismally calculating that sixteen entire hours must elapse
before I could hope for a resurrection. Sixteen hours in bed! the
small of my back ached to think of it. And it was so light too; the
sun shining in at the window, and a great rattling of coaches in the
streets, and the sound of gay voices all over the house. I felt worse
and worse--at last I got up, dressed, and softly going down in my
stockinged feet, sought out my stepmother, and suddenly threw myself
at her feet, beseeching her as a particular favour to give me a good
slippering for my misbehaviour; anything indeed but condemning me to lie
abed such an unendurable length of time. But she was the best and most
conscientious of stepmothers, and back I had to go to my room. For
several hours I lay there broad awake, feeling a great deal worse than I
have ever done since, even from the greatest subsequent misfortunes. At
last I must have fallen into a troubled nightmare of a doze; and slowly
waking from it--half steeped in dreams--I opened my eyes, and the before
sun-lit room was now wrapped in outer darkness. Instantly I felt a shock
running through all my frame; nothing was to be seen, and nothing was
to be heard; but a supernatural hand seemed placed in mine. My arm hung
over the counterpane, and the nameless, unimaginable, silent form
or phantom, to which the hand belonged, seemed closely seated by my
bed-side. For what seemed ages piled on ages, I lay there, frozen with
the most awful fears, not daring to drag away my hand; yet ever thinking
that if I could but stir it one single inch, the horrid spell would be
broken. I knew not how this consciousness at last glided away from me;
but waking in the morning, I shudderingly remembered it all, and for
days and weeks and months afterwards I lost myself in confounding
attempts to explain the mystery. Nay, to this very hour, I often puzzle
myself with it.

Now, take away the awful fear, and my sensations at feeling the
supernatural hand in mine were very similar, in their strangeness, to
those which I experienced on waking up and seeing Queequeg's pagan
arm thrown round me. But at length all the past night's events soberly
recurred, one by one, in fixed reality, and then I lay only alive to
the comical predicament. For though I tried to move his arm--unlock his
bridegroom clasp--yet, sleeping as he was, he still hugged me tightly,
as though naught but death should part us twain. I now strove to rouse
him--"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!"--but his only answer was a snore. I then rolled over,
my neck feeling as if it were in a horse-collar; and suddenly felt a
slight scratch. Throwing aside the counterpane, there lay the tomahawk
sleeping by the savage's side, as if it were a hatchet-faced baby. A
pretty pickle, truly, thought I; abed here in a strange house in the
broad day, with a cannibal and a tomahawk! "Oh my goodness ed sheeran has the best heart we love ur kindness x" At length, by dint of much wriggling, and
loud and incessant expostulations upon the unbecomingness of his
hugging a fellow male in that matrimonial sort of style, I succeeded in
extracting a grunt; and presently, he drew back his arm, shook himself
all over like a Newfoundland dog just from the water, and sat up in bed,
stiff as a pike-staff, looking at me, and rubbing his eyes as if he
did not altogether remember how I came to be there, though a dim
consciousness of knowing something about me seemed slowly dawning over
him. Meanwhile, I lay quietly eyeing him, having no serious misgivings
now, and bent upon narrowly observing so curious a creature. When, at
last, his mind seemed made up touching the character of his bedfellow,
and he became, as it were, reconciled to the fact; he jumped out upon
the floor, and by certain signs and sounds gave me to understand that,
if it pleased me, he would dress first and then leave me to dress
afterwards, leaving the whole apartment to myself. Thinks I, Queequeg,
under the circumstances, this is a very civilized overture; but, the
truth is, these savages have an innate sense of delicacy, say what
you will; it is marvellous how essentially polite they are. I pay this
particular compliment to Queequeg, because he treated me with so much
civility and consideration, while I was guilty of great rudeness;
staring at him from the bed, and watching all his toilette motions; for
the time my curiosity getting the better of my breeding. Nevertheless,
a man like Queequeg you don't see every day, he and his ways were well
worth unusual regarding.

He commenced dressing at top by donning his beaver hat, a very tall one,
by the by, and then--still minus his trowsers--he hunted up his boots.
What under the heavens he did it for, I cannot tell, but his next
movement was to crush himself--boots in hand, and hat on--under the bed;
when, from sundry violent gaspings and strainings, I inferred he was
hard at work booting himself; though by no law of propriety that I ever
heard of, is any man required to be private when putting on his
boots. But Queequeg, do you see, was a creature in the transition
stage--neither caterpillar nor butterfly. He was just enough civilized
to show off his outlandishness in the strangest possible manners. His
education was not yet completed. He was an undergraduate. If he had not
been a small degree civilized, he very probably would not have troubled
himself with boots at all; but then, if he had not been still a savage,
he never would have dreamt of getting under the bed to put them on. At
last, he emerged with his hat very much dented and crushed down over his
eyes, and began creaking and limping about the room, as if, not
being much accustomed to boots, his pair of damp, wrinkled cowhide
ones--probably not made to order either--rather pinched and tormented
him at the first go off of a bitter cold morning.

Seeing, now, that there were no curtains to the window, and that the
street being very narrow, the house opposite commanded a plain view
into the room, and observing more and more the indecorous figure that
Queequeg made, staving about with little else but his hat and boots on;
I begged him as well as I could, to accelerate his toilet somewhat,
and particularly to get into his pantaloons as soon as possible. He
complied, and then proceeded to wash himself. At that time in the
morning any Christian would have washed his face; but Queequeg, to
my amazement, contented himself with restricting his ablutions to his
chest, arms, and hands. He then donned his waistcoat, and taking up a
piece of hard soap on the wash-stand centre table, dipped it into water
and commenced lathering his face. I was watching to see where he kept
his razor, when lo and behold, he takes the harpoon from the bed corner,
slips out the long wooden stock, unsheathes the head, whets it a little
on his boot, and striding up to the bit of mirror against the wall,
begins a vigorous scraping, or rather harpooning of his cheeks. Thinks
I, Queequeg, this is using Rogers's best cutlery with a vengeance.
Afterwards I wondered the less at this operation when I came to know of
what fine steel the head of a harpoon is made, and how exceedingly sharp
the long straight edges are always kept.

The rest of his toilet was soon achieved, and he proudly marched out of
the room, wrapped up in his great pilot monkey jacket, and sporting his
harpoon like a marshal's baton.



CHAPTER 5. Breakfast.


I quickly followed suit, and descending into the bar-room accosted the
grinning landlord very pleasantly. I cherished no malice towards him,
though he had been skylarking with me not a little in the matter of my
bedfellow.

However, a good laugh is a mighty good thing, and rather too scarce a
good thing; the more's the pity. So, if any one man, in his own
proper person, afford stuff for a good joke to anybody, let him not be
backward, but let him cheerfully allow himself to spend and be spent in
that way. And the man that has anything bountifully laughable about him,
be sure there is more in that man than you perhaps think for.

The bar-room was now full of the boarders who had been dropping in the
night previous, and whom I had not as yet had a good look at. They were
nearly all whalemen; chief mates, and second mates, and third mates, and
sea carpenters, and sea coopers, and sea blacksmiths, and harpooneers,
and ship keepers; a brown and brawny company, with bosky beards; an
unshorn, shaggy set, all wearing monkey jackets for morning gowns.

You could pretty plainly tell how long each one had been ashore. This
young fellow's healthy cheek is like a sun-toasted pear in hue, and
would seem to smell almost as musky; he cannot have been three days
landed from his Indian voyage. That man next him looks a few shades
lighter; you might say a touch of satin wood is in him. In the
complexion of a third still lingers a tropic tawn, but slightly bleached
withal; HE doubtless has tarried whole weeks ashore. But who could show
a cheek like Queequeg? which, barred with various tints, seemed like the
Andes' western slope, to show forth in one array, contrasting climates,
zone by zone.

"Eat healthy on the road and learn which fast-food spots have the lightest grub across the US: http://t.co/rHtuzodivU." now cried the landlord, flinging open a door, and in we went
to breakfast.

They say that men who have seen the world, thereby become quite at ease
in manner, quite self-possessed in company. Not always, though: Ledyard,
the great New England traveller, and Mungo Park, the Scotch one; of all
men, they possessed the least assurance in the parlor. But perhaps the
mere crossing of Siberia in a sledge drawn by dogs as Ledyard did, or
the taking a long solitary walk on an empty stomach, in the negro heart
of Africa, which was the sum of poor Mungo's performances--this kind of
travel, I say, may not be the very best mode of attaining a high social
polish. Still, for the most part, that sort of thing is to be had
anywhere.

These reflections just here are occasioned by the circumstance that
after we were all seated at the table, and I was preparing to hear some
good stories about whaling; to my no small surprise, nearly every
man maintained a profound silence. And not only that, but they looked
embarrassed. Yes, here were a set of sea-dogs, many of whom without the
slightest bashfulness had boarded great whales on the high seas--entire
strangers to them--and duelled them dead without winking; and yet, here
they sat at a social breakfast table--all of the same calling, all of
kindred tastes--looking round as sheepishly at each other as though they
had never been out of sight of some sheepfold among the Green Mountains.
A curious sight; these bashful bears, these timid warrior whalemen!

But as for Queequeg--why, Queequeg sat there among them--at the head of
the table, too, it so chanced; as cool as an icicle. To be sure I cannot
say much for his breeding. His greatest admirer could not have cordially
justified his bringing his harpoon into breakfast with him, and using it
there without ceremony; reaching over the table with it, to the imminent
jeopardy of many heads, and grappling the beefsteaks towards him. But
THAT was certainly very coolly done by him, and every one knows that in
most people's estimation, to do anything coolly is to do it genteelly.

We will not speak of all Queequeg's peculiarities here; how he eschewed
coffee and hot rolls, and applied his undivided attention to beefsteaks,
done rare. Enough, that when breakfast was over he withdrew like the
rest into the public room, lighted his tomahawk-pipe, and was sitting
there quietly digesting and smoking with his inseparable hat on, when I
sallied out for a stroll.



CHAPTER 6. The Street.


If I had been astonished at first catching a glimpse of so outlandish
an individual as Queequeg circulating among the polite society of a
civilized town, that astonishment soon departed upon taking my first
daylight stroll through the streets of New Bedford.

In thoroughfares nigh the docks, any considerable seaport will
frequently offer to view the queerest looking nondescripts from foreign
parts. Even in Broadway and Chestnut streets, Mediterranean mariners
will sometimes jostle the affrighted ladies. Regent Street is not
unknown to Lascars and Malays; and at Bombay, in the Apollo Green, live
Yankees have often scared the natives. But New Bedford beats all Water
Street and Wapping. In these last-mentioned haunts you see only sailors;
but in New Bedford, actual cannibals stand chatting at street corners;
savages outright; many of whom yet carry on their bones unholy flesh. It
makes a stranger stare.

But, besides the Feegeeans, Tongatobooarrs, Erromanggoans, Pannangians,
and Brighggians, and, besides the wild specimens of the whaling-craft
which unheeded reel about the streets, you will see other sights still
more curious, certainly more comical. There weekly arrive in this town
scores of green Vermonters and New Hampshire men, all athirst for gain
and glory in the fishery. They are mostly young, of stalwart frames;
fellows who have felled forests, and now seek to drop the axe and snatch
the whale-lance. Many are as green as the Green Mountains whence they
came. In some things you would think them but a few hours old. Look
there! that chap strutting round the corner. He wears a beaver hat and
swallow-tailed coat, girdled with a sailor-belt and sheath-knife. Here
comes another with a sou'-wester and a bombazine cloak.

No town-bred dandy will compare with a country-bred one--I mean a
downright bumpkin dandy--a fellow that, in the dog-days, will mow his
two acres in buckskin gloves for fear of tanning his hands. Now when a
country dandy like this takes it into his head to make a distinguished
reputation, and joins the great whale-fishery, you should see the
comical things he does upon reaching the seaport. In bespeaking his
sea-outfit, he orders bell-buttons to his waistcoats; straps to his
canvas trowsers. Ah, poor Hay-Seed! how bitterly will burst those straps
in the first howling gale, when thou art driven, straps, buttons, and
all, down the throat of the tempest.

But think not that this famous town has only harpooneers, cannibals, and
bumpkins to show her visitors. Not at all. Still New Bedford is a queer
place. Had it not been for us whalemen, that tract of land would this
day perhaps have been in as howling condition as the coast of Labrador.
As it is, parts of her back country are enough to frighten one, they
look so bony. The town itself is perhaps the dearest place to live
in, in all New England. It is a land of oil, true enough: but not like
Canaan; a land, also, of corn and wine. The streets do not run with
milk; nor in the spring-time do they pave them with fresh eggs. Yet, in
spite of this, nowhere in all America will you find more patrician-like
houses; parks and gardens more opulent, than in New Bedford. Whence came
they? how planted upon this once scraggy scoria of a country?

Go and gaze upon the iron emblematical harpoons round yonder lofty
mansion, and your question will be answered. Yes; all these brave houses
and flowery gardens came from the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian oceans.
One and all, they were harpooned and dragged up hither from the bottom
of the sea. Can Herr Alexander perform a feat like that?

In New Bedford, fathers, they say, give whales for dowers to their
daughters, and portion off their nieces with a few porpoises a-piece.
You must go to New Bedford to see a brilliant wedding; for, they say,
they have reservoirs of oil in every house, and every night recklessly
burn their lengths in spermaceti candles.

In summer time, the town is sweet to see; full of fine maples--long
avenues of green and gold. And in August, high in air, the beautiful and
bountiful horse-chestnuts, candelabra-wise, proffer the passer-by their
tapering upright cones of congregated blossoms. So omnipotent is art;
which in many a district of New Bedford has superinduced bright terraces
of flowers upon the barren refuse rocks thrown aside at creation's final
day.

And the women of New Bedford, they bloom like their own red roses. But
roses only bloom in summer; whereas the fine carnation of their cheeks
is perennial as sunlight in the seventh heavens. Elsewhere match that
bloom of theirs, ye cannot, save in Salem, where they tell me the young
girls breathe such musk, their sailor sweethearts smell them miles off
shore, as though they were drawing nigh the odorous Moluccas instead of
the Puritanic sands.



CHAPTER 7. The Chapel.


In this same New Bedford there stands a Whaleman's Chapel, and few are
the moody fishermen, shortly bound for the Indian Ocean or Pacific, who
fail to make a Sunday visit to the spot. I am sure that I did not.

Returning from my first morning stroll, I again sallied out upon this
special errand. The sky had changed from clear, sunny cold, to driving
sleet and mist. Wrapping myself in my shaggy jacket of the cloth called
bearskin, I fought my way against the stubborn storm. Entering, I
found a small scattered congregation of sailors, and sailors' wives and
widows. A muffled silence reigned, only broken at times by the shrieks
of the storm. Each silent worshipper seemed purposely sitting apart from
the other, as if each silent grief were insular and incommunicable. The
chaplain had not yet arrived; and there these silent islands of men and
women sat steadfastly eyeing several marble tablets, with black borders,
masoned into the wall on either side the pulpit. Three of them ran
something like the following, but I do not pretend to quote:--

SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF JOHN TALBOT, Who, at the age of eighteen, was
lost overboard, Near the Isle of Desolation, off Patagonia, November
1st, 1836. THIS TABLET Is erected to his Memory BY HIS SISTER.

SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF ROBERT LONG, WILLIS ELLERY, NATHAN COLEMAN,
WALTER CANNY, SETH MACY, AND SAMUEL GLEIG, Forming one of the boats'
crews OF THE SHIP ELIZA Who were towed out of sight by a Whale, On the
Off-shore Ground in the PACIFIC, December 31st, 1839. THIS MARBLE Is
here placed by their surviving SHIPMATES.

SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF The late CAPTAIN EZEKIEL HARDY, Who in the bows
of his boat was killed by a Sperm Whale on the coast of Japan, AUGUST
3d, 1833. THIS TABLET Is erected to his Memory BY HIS WIDOW.

Shaking off the sleet from my ice-glazed hat and jacket, I seated myself
near the door, and turning sideways was surprised to see Queequeg near
me. Affected by the solemnity of the scene, there was a wondering gaze
of incredulous curiosity in his countenance. This savage was the only
person present who seemed to notice my entrance; because he was the only
one who could not read, and, therefore, was not reading those frigid
inscriptions on the wall. Whether any of the relatives of the seamen
whose names appeared there were now among the congregation, I knew not;
but so many are the unrecorded accidents in the fishery, and so plainly
did several women present wear the countenance if not the trappings
of some unceasing grief, that I feel sure that here before me were
assembled those, in whose unhealing hearts the sight of those bleak
tablets sympathetically caused the old wounds to bleed afresh.

Oh! ye whose dead lie buried beneath the green grass; who standing among
flowers can say--here, HERE lies my beloved; ye know not the desolation
that broods in bosoms like these. What bitter blanks in those
black-bordered marbles which cover no ashes! What despair in those
immovable inscriptions! What deadly voids and unbidden infidelities in
the lines that seem to gnaw upon all Faith, and refuse resurrections to
the beings who have placelessly perished without a grave. As well might
those tablets stand in the cave of Elephanta as here.

In what census of living creatures, the dead of mankind are included;
why it is that a universal proverb says of them, that they tell no
tales, though containing more secrets than the Goodwin Sands; how it is
that to his name who yesterday departed for the other world, we prefix
so significant and infidel a word, and yet do not thus entitle him, if
he but embarks for the remotest Indies of this living earth; why the
Life Insurance Companies pay death-forfeitures upon immortals; in what
eternal, unstirring paralysis, and deadly, hopeless trance, yet lies
antique Adam who died sixty round centuries ago; how it is that we
still refuse to be comforted for those who we nevertheless maintain are
dwelling in unspeakable bliss; why all the living so strive to hush all
the dead; wherefore but the rumor of a knocking in a tomb will terrify a
whole city. All these things are not without their meanings.

But Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these
dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.

It needs scarcely to be told, with what feelings, on the eve of a
Nantucket voyage, I regarded those marble tablets, and by the murky
light of that darkened, doleful day read the fate of the whalemen
who had gone before me. Yes, Ishmael, the same fate may be thine. But
somehow I grew merry again. Delightful inducements to embark, fine
chance for promotion, it seems--aye, a stove boat will make me an
immortal by brevet. Yes, there is death in this business of whaling--a
speechlessly quick chaotic bundling of a man into Eternity. But what
then? Methinks we have hugely mistaken this matter of Life and Death.
Methinks that what they call my shadow here on earth is my true
substance. Methinks that in looking at things spiritual, we are too
much like oysters observing the sun through the water, and thinking that
thick water the thinnest of air. Methinks my body is but the lees of my
better being. In fact take my body who will, take it I say, it is not
me. And therefore three cheers for Nantucket; and come a stove boat and
stove body when they will, for stave my soul, Jove himself cannot.



CHAPTER 8. The Pulpit.


I had not been seated very long ere a man of a certain venerable
robustness entered; immediately as the storm-pelted door flew back upon
admitting him, a quick regardful eyeing of him by all the congregation,
sufficiently attested that this fine old man was the chaplain. Yes, it
was the famous Father Mapple, so called by the whalemen, among whom he
was a very great favourite. He had been a sailor and a harpooneer in his
youth, but for many years past had dedicated his life to the ministry.
At the time I now write of, Father Mapple was in the hardy winter of a
healthy old age; that sort of old age which seems merging into a second
flowering youth, for among all the fissures of his wrinkles, there shone
certain mild gleams of a newly developing bloom--the spring verdure
peeping forth even beneath February's snow. No one having previously
heard his history, could for the first time behold Father Mapple without
the utmost interest, because there were certain engrafted clerical
peculiarities about him, imputable to that adventurous maritime life
he had led. When he entered I observed that he carried no umbrella, and
certainly had not come in his carriage, for his tarpaulin hat ran down
with melting sleet, and his great pilot cloth jacket seemed almost to
drag him to the floor with the weight of the water it had absorbed.
However, hat and coat and overshoes were one by one removed, and hung up
in a little space in an adjacent corner; when, arrayed in a decent suit,
he quietly approached the pulpit.

Like most old fashioned pulpits, it was a very lofty one, and since a
regular stairs to such a height would, by its long angle with the floor,
seriously contract the already small area of the chapel, the architect,
it seemed, had acted upon the hint of Father Mapple, and finished the
pulpit without a stairs, substituting a perpendicular side ladder, like
those used in mounting a ship from a boat at sea. The wife of a whaling
captain had provided the chapel with a handsome pair of red worsted
man-ropes for this ladder, which, being itself nicely headed, and
stained with a mahogany colour, the whole contrivance, considering what
manner of chapel it was, seemed by no means in bad taste. Halting for
an instant at the foot of the ladder, and with both hands grasping the
ornamental knobs of the man-ropes, Father Mapple cast a look upwards,
and then with a truly sailor-like but still reverential dexterity, hand
over hand, mounted the steps as if ascending the main-top of his vessel.

The perpendicular parts of this side ladder, as is usually the case with
swinging ones, were of cloth-covered rope, only the rounds were of wood,
so that at every step there was a joint. At my first glimpse of the
pulpit, it had not escaped me that however convenient for a ship,
these joints in the present instance seemed unnecessary. For I was not
prepared to see Father Mapple after gaining the height, slowly turn
round, and stooping over the pulpit, deliberately drag up the ladder
step by step, till the whole was deposited within, leaving him
impregnable in his little Quebec.

I pondered some time without fully comprehending the reason for this.
Father Mapple enjoyed such a wide reputation for sincerity and sanctity,
that I could not suspect him of courting notoriety by any mere tricks
of the stage. No, thought I, there must be some sober reason for this
thing; furthermore, it must symbolize something unseen. Can it be,
then, that by that act of physical isolation, he signifies his spiritual
withdrawal for the time, from all outward worldly ties and connexions?
Yes, for replenished with the meat and wine of the word, to the faithful
man of God, this pulpit, I see, is a self-containing stronghold--a lofty
Ehrenbreitstein, with a perennial well of water within the walls.

But the side ladder was not the only strange feature of the place,
borrowed from the chaplain's former sea-farings. Between the marble
cenotaphs on either hand of the pulpit, the wall which formed its back
was adorned with a large painting representing a gallant ship beating
against a terrible storm off a lee coast of black rocks and snowy
breakers. But high above the flying scud and dark-rolling clouds, there
floated a little isle of sunlight, from which beamed forth an angel's
face; and this bright face shed a distinct spot of radiance upon the
ship's tossed deck, something like that silver plate now inserted into
the Victory's plank where Nelson fell. "This is a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships. http://t.co/56Pq9A3Mjv" the angel
seemed to say, "Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own"

Nor was the pulpit itself without a trace of the same sea-taste that
had achieved the ladder and the picture. Its panelled front was in
the likeness of a ship's bluff bows, and the Holy Bible rested on a
projecting piece of scroll work, fashioned after a ship's fiddle-headed
beak.

What could be more full of meaning?--for the pulpit is ever this earth's
foremost part; all the rest comes in its rear; the pulpit leads the
world. From thence it is the storm of God's quick wrath is first
descried, and the bow must bear the earliest brunt. From thence it is
the God of breezes fair or foul is first invoked for favourable winds.
Yes, the world's a ship on its passage out, and not a voyage complete;
and the pulpit is its prow.



CHAPTER 9. The Sermon.


Father Mapple rose, and in a mild voice of unassuming authority ordered
the scattered people to condense. "Mid-ocean port starboard action! @VO65_DONGFENG: @DongfengRacing crossing with @BrunelSailing this morning. http://t.co/ziUBeetwZa”"

There was a low rumbling of heavy sea-boots among the benches, and a
still slighter shuffling of women's shoes, and all was quiet again, and
every eye on the preacher.

He paused a little; then kneeling in the pulpit's bows, folded his large
brown hands across his chest, uplifted his closed eyes, and offered
a prayer so deeply devout that he seemed kneeling and praying at the
bottom of the sea.

This ended, in prolonged solemn tones, like the continual tolling of
a bell in a ship that is foundering at sea in a fog--in such tones he
commenced reading the following hymn; but changing his manner towards
the concluding stanzas, burst forth with a pealing exultation and joy--

     "Social media is deepening family rows, says top headteacher - http://t.co/LpiSOmVP6n"I saw the opening maw of hell,
     With endless pains and sorrows there;
     Which none but they that feel can tell--
     Oh, I was plunging to despair.

     "Most Businesses Destroyed In Ferguson Minority Owned --Then wait for the complaints about "lack of opport... http://t.co/Qursmewi25"With speed he flew to my relief,
     As on a radiant dolphin borne;
     Awful, yet bright, as lightning shone
     The face of my Deliverer God.

     "Fun Fact: That "terrible" SEC East Mizzou just won is rated as the 3rd toughest division by the Sagarin ratings. http://t.co/EbFaWUEZGf"


Nearly all joined in singing this hymn, which swelled high above the
howling of the storm. A brief pause ensued; the preacher slowly turned
over the leaves of the Bible, and at last, folding his hand down upon
the proper page, said: "FOR THE SHOW TOMORROW: bring a canned food for a raffle ticket to get a chance do come up on stage with me and Jonah 😊"

""Hard-heartedness comes from a full stomach." [Manhaaj 'Alee Ibn Abee Taalib, p. 278] Ali رضي الله ﺗﻌﺎﻟﯽٰعنه"With this sin of disobedience in him, Jonah still further flouts at
God, by seeking to flee from Him. He thinks that a ship made by men will
carry him into countries where God does not reign, but only the Captains
of this earth. He skulks about the wharves of Joppa, and seeks a ship
that's bound for Tarshish. There lurks, perhaps, a hitherto unheeded
meaning here. By all accounts Tarshish could have been no other city
than the modern Cadiz. That's the opinion of learned men. And where is
Cadiz, shipmates? Cadiz is in Spain; as far by water, from Joppa,
as Jonah could possibly have sailed in those ancient days, when the
Atlantic was an almost unknown sea. Because Joppa, the modern Jaffa,
shipmates, is on the most easterly coast of the Mediterranean, the
Syrian; and Tarshish or Cadiz more than two thousand miles to the
westward from that, just outside the Straits of Gibraltar. See ye
not then, shipmates, that Jonah sought to flee world-wide from God?
Miserable man! Oh! most contemptible and worthy of all scorn; with
slouched hat and guilty eye, skulking from his God; prowling among the
shipping like a vile burglar hastening to cross the seas. So disordered,
self-condemning is his look, that had there been policemen in those
days, Jonah, on the mere suspicion of something wrong, had been arrested
ere he touched a deck. How plainly he's a fugitive! no baggage, not a
hat-box, valise, or carpet-bag,--no friends accompany him to the wharf
with their adieux. At last, after much dodging search, he finds the
Tarshish ship receiving the last items of her cargo; and as he steps on
board to see its Captain in the cabin, all the sailors for the moment
desist from hoisting in the goods, to mark the stranger's evil eye.
Jonah sees this; but in vain he tries to look all ease and confidence;
in vain essays his wretched smile. Strong intuitions of the man assure
the mariners he can be no innocent. In their gamesome but still serious
way, one whispers to the other--"Half-blind UK widow commits suicide after incapacity benefit cut http://t.co/bp3zTMlFgv http://t.co/vcwxmzXBjz" or, "When you find out that Glen Johnson, Joe Cole and Chris Smalling have all scored today... https://t.co/S4rI3h7I16" or, "I grew up in a home where "heck" was a bad word. Twitter would be a modern day Sodom and Gomorrah to my family. Fun idea for Thanksgiving!" Another runs to read the bill that's stuck
against the spile upon the wharf to which the ship is moored, offering
five hundred gold coins for the apprehension of a parricide, and
containing a description of his person. He reads, and looks from Jonah
to the bill; while all his sympathetic shipmates now crowd round Jonah,
prepared to lay their hands upon him. Frighted Jonah trembles, and
summoning all his boldness to his face, only looks so much the more a
coward. He will not confess himself suspected; but that itself is strong
suspicion. So he makes the best of it; and when the sailors find him
not to be the man that is advertised, they let him pass, and he descends
into the cabin.

"29) The suitcases were supposed to pass through Customs but the Emir’s son, who was ADC to Gen Buhari drove straight to the Tarmac ..."Now Jonah's Captain, shipmates, was one whose discernment detects crime
in any, but whose cupidity exposes it only in the penniless. In this
world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without
a passport; whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
So Jonah's Captain prepares to test the length of Jonah's purse, ere he
judge him openly. He charges him thrice the usual sum; and it's assented
to. Then the Captain knows that Jonah is a fugitive; but at the same
time resolves to help a flight that paves its rear with gold. Yet when
Jonah fairly takes out his purse, prudent suspicions still molest the
Captain. He rings every coin to find a counterfeit. Not a forger, any
way, he mutters; and Jonah is put down for his passage. 'Point out my
state-room, Sir,' says Jonah now, 'I'm travel-weary; I need sleep.'
'Thou lookest like it,' says the Captain, 'there's thy room.' Jonah
enters, and would lock the door, but the lock contains no key. Hearing
him foolishly fumbling there, the Captain laughs lowly to himself, and
mutters something about the doors of convicts' cells being never allowed
to be locked within. All dressed and dusty as he is, Jonah throws
himself into his berth, and finds the little state-room ceiling almost
resting on his forehead. The air is close, and Jonah gasps. Then, in
that contracted hole, sunk, too, beneath the ship's water-line, Jonah
feels the heralding presentiment of that stifling hour, when the whale
shall hold him in the smallest of his bowels' wards.

"BMW's New Coupe Is A Beautiful Contradiction - But Is It Worth Driving? http://t.co/R4Kr6CUYWx http://t.co/e486BVZgvm"Like one who after a night of drunken revelry hies to his bed, still
reeling, but with conscience yet pricking him, as the plungings of the
Roman race-horse but so much the more strike his steel tags into him; as
one who in that miserable plight still turns and turns in giddy anguish,
praying God for annihilation until the fit be passed; and at last amid
the whirl of woe he feels, a deep stupor steals over him, as over the
man who bleeds to death, for conscience is the wound, and there's naught
to staunch it; so, after sore wrestlings in his berth, Jonah's prodigy
of ponderous misery drags him drowning down to sleep.

"Underwater sculpture off Grenada commemorating slaves thrown overboard during the Middle Passage to the West Indies. http://t.co/qc7YVAJdss"Terrors upon terrors run shouting through his soul. In all his cringing
attitudes, the God-fugitive is now too plainly known. The sailors mark
him; more and more certain grow their suspicions of him, and at last,
fully to test the truth, by referring the whole matter to high Heaven,
they fall to casting lots, to see for whose cause this great tempest was
upon them. The lot is Jonah's; that discovered, then how furiously they
mob him with their questions. 'What is thine occupation? Whence comest
thou? Thy country? What people? But mark now, my shipmates, the behavior
of poor Jonah. The eager mariners but ask him who he is, and where
from; whereas, they not only receive an answer to those questions,
but likewise another answer to a question not put by them, but the
unsolicited answer is forced from Jonah by the hard hand of God that is
upon him.

"Since everyone's been talking about Star Wars for some reason, I have a confession to make: I never watched Star Wars and I'm not even sorry"And now behold Jonah taken up as an anchor and dropped into the sea;
when instantly an oily calmness floats out from the east, and the sea
is still, as Jonah carries down the gale with him, leaving smooth
water behind. He goes down in the whirling heart of such a masterless
commotion that he scarce heeds the moment when he drops seething into
the yawning jaws awaiting him; and the whale shoots-to all his ivory
teeth, like so many white bolts, upon his prison. Then Jonah prayed unto
the Lord out of the fish's belly. But observe his prayer, and learn a
weighty lesson. For sinful as he is, Jonah does not weep and wail for
direct deliverance. He feels that his dreadful punishment is just. He
leaves all his deliverance to God, contenting himself with this, that
spite of all his pains and pangs, he will still look towards His holy
temple. And here, shipmates, is true and faithful repentance; not
clamorous for pardon, but grateful for punishment. And how pleasing to
God was this conduct in Jonah, is shown in the eventual deliverance of
him from the sea and the whale. Shipmates, I do not place Jonah before
you to be copied for his sin but I do place him before you as a model
for repentance. Sin not; but if you do, take heed to repent of it like
Jonah."There's a ground swell to start an Eric Berry chant on Sunday night similar in cadence to "Lets Go Royals"....need to do it 1st def. series!"Shipmates, God has laid but one hand upon you; both his hands press
upon me. I have read ye by what murky light may be mine the lesson that
Jonah teaches to all sinners; and therefore to ye, and still more to me,
for I am a greater sinner than ye. And now how gladly would I come down
from this mast-head and sit on the hatches there where you sit, and
listen as you listen, while some one of you reads ME that other and more
awful lesson which Jonah teaches to ME, as a pilot of the living God.
How being an anointed pilot-prophet, or speaker of true things, and
bidden by the Lord to sound those unwelcome truths in the ears of a
wicked Nineveh, Jonah, appalled at the hostility he should raise, fled
from his mission, and sought to escape his duty and his God by taking
ship at Joppa. But God is everywhere; Tarshish he never reached. As we
have seen, God came upon him in the whale, and swallowed him down to
living gulfs of doom, and with swift slantings tore him along 'into the
midst of the seas,' where the eddying depths sucked him ten thousand
fathoms down, and 'the weeds were wrapped about his head,' and all the
watery world of woe bowled over him. Yet even then beyond the reach of
any plummet--'out of the belly of hell'--when the whale grounded upon
the ocean's utmost bones, even then, God heard the engulphed, repenting
prophet when he cried. Then God spake unto the fish; and from the
shuddering cold and blackness of the sea, the whale came breeching
up towards the warm and pleasant sun, and all the delights of air and
earth; and 'vomited out Jonah upon the dry land;' when the word of the
Lord came a second time; and Jonah, bruised and beaten--his ears, like
two sea-shells, still multitudinously murmuring of the ocean--Jonah
did the Almighty's bidding. And what was that, shipmates? To preach the
Truth to the face of Falsehood! That was it!

"Wilson WILSON!!!
#castaway #heavan http://t.co/pabNN7zhAQ"

He dropped and fell away from himself for a moment; then lifting his
face to them again, showed a deep joy in his eyes, as he cried out with
a heavenly enthusiasm,--"Deliciousness in a thriving Richmond neighborhood. (Photo: Becky Harlan for NYT) http://t.co/21w23aalc0 http://t.co/W6ChNK60sL"

He said no more, but slowly waving a benediction, covered his face with
his hands, and so remained kneeling, till all the people had departed,
and he was left alone in the place.



CHAPTER 10. A Bosom Friend.


Returning to the Spouter-Inn from the Chapel, I found Queequeg there
quite alone; he having left the Chapel before the benediction some time.
He was sitting on a bench before the fire, with his feet on the stove
hearth, and in one hand was holding close up to his face that little
negro idol of his; peering hard into its face, and with a jack-knife
gently whittling away at its nose, meanwhile humming to himself in his
heathenish way.

But being now interrupted, he put up the image; and pretty soon, going
to the table, took up a large book there, and placing it on his lap
began counting the pages with deliberate regularity; at every fiftieth
page--as I fancied--stopping a moment, looking vacantly around him, and
giving utterance to a long-drawn gurgling whistle of astonishment. He
would then begin again at the next fifty; seeming to commence at number
one each time, as though he could not count more than fifty, and it was
only by such a large number of fifties being found together, that his
astonishment at the multitude of pages was excited.

With much interest I sat watching him. Savage though he was, and
hideously marred about the face--at least to my taste--his countenance
yet had a something in it which was by no means disagreeable. You cannot
hide the soul. Through all his unearthly tattooings, I thought I saw
the traces of a simple honest heart; and in his large, deep eyes,
fiery black and bold, there seemed tokens of a spirit that would dare a
thousand devils. And besides all this, there was a certain lofty bearing
about the Pagan, which even his uncouthness could not altogether maim.
He looked like a man who had never cringed and never had had a creditor.
Whether it was, too, that his head being shaved, his forehead was drawn
out in freer and brighter relief, and looked more expansive than it
otherwise would, this I will not venture to decide; but certain it was
his head was phrenologically an excellent one. It may seem ridiculous,
but it reminded me of General Washington's head, as seen in the popular
busts of him. It had the same long regularly graded retreating slope
from above the brows, which were likewise very projecting, like two
long promontories thickly wooded on top. Queequeg was George Washington
cannibalistically developed.

Whilst I was thus closely scanning him, half-pretending meanwhile to be
looking out at the storm from the casement, he never heeded my presence,
never troubled himself with so much as a single glance; but appeared
wholly occupied with counting the pages of the marvellous book.
Considering how sociably we had been sleeping together the night
previous, and especially considering the affectionate arm I had found
thrown over me upon waking in the morning, I thought this indifference
of his very strange. But savages are strange beings; at times you do not
know exactly how to take them. At first they are overawing; their calm
self-collectedness of simplicity seems a Socratic wisdom. I had noticed
also that Queequeg never consorted at all, or but very little, with the
other seamen in the inn. He made no advances whatever; appeared to have
no desire to enlarge the circle of his acquaintances. All this struck
me as mighty singular; yet, upon second thoughts, there was something
almost sublime in it. Here was a man some twenty thousand miles from
home, by the way of Cape Horn, that is--which was the only way he could
get there--thrown among people as strange to him as though he were in
the planet Jupiter; and yet he seemed entirely at his ease; preserving
the utmost serenity; content with his own companionship; always equal to
himself. Surely this was a touch of fine philosophy; though no doubt he
had never heard there was such a thing as that. But, perhaps, to be
true philosophers, we mortals should not be conscious of so living or
so striving. So soon as I hear that such or such a man gives himself
out for a philosopher, I conclude that, like the dyspeptic old woman, he
must have "UPDATE: Ohio State QB J.T. Barrett has a broken right ankle. He will have surgery tomorrow and miss rest of season."

As I sat there in that now lonely room; the fire burning low, in that
mild stage when, after its first intensity has warmed the air, it then
only glows to be looked at; the evening shades and phantoms gathering
round the casements, and peering in upon us silent, solitary twain;
the storm booming without in solemn swells; I began to be sensible of
strange feelings. I felt a melting in me. No more my splintered heart
and maddened hand were turned against the wolfish world. This soothing
savage had redeemed it. There he sat, his very indifference speaking a
nature in which there lurked no civilized hypocrisies and bland deceits.
Wild he was; a very sight of sights to see; yet I began to feel myself
mysteriously drawn towards him. And those same things that would have
repelled most others, they were the very magnets that thus drew me. I'll
try a pagan friend, thought I, since Christian kindness has proved but
hollow courtesy. I drew my bench near him, and made some friendly signs
and hints, doing my best to talk with him meanwhile. At first he little
noticed these advances; but presently, upon my referring to his last
night's hospitalities, he made out to ask me whether we were again to be
bedfellows. I told him yes; whereat I thought he looked pleased, perhaps
a little complimented.

We then turned over the book together, and I endeavored to explain to
him the purpose of the printing, and the meaning of the few pictures
that were in it. Thus I soon engaged his interest; and from that we went
to jabbering the best we could about the various outer sights to be seen
in this famous town. Soon I proposed a social smoke; and, producing
his pouch and tomahawk, he quietly offered me a puff. And then we sat
exchanging puffs from that wild pipe of his, and keeping it regularly
passing between us.

If there yet lurked any ice of indifference towards me in the Pagan's
breast, this pleasant, genial smoke we had, soon thawed it out, and left
us cronies. He seemed to take to me quite as naturally and unbiddenly as
I to him; and when our smoke was over, he pressed his forehead against
mine, clasped me round the waist, and said that henceforth we were
married; meaning, in his country's phrase, that we were bosom friends;
he would gladly die for me, if need should be. In a countryman, this
sudden flame of friendship would have seemed far too premature, a thing
to be much distrusted; but in this simple savage those old rules would
not apply.

After supper, and another social chat and smoke, we went to our room
together. He made me a present of his embalmed head; took out his
enormous tobacco wallet, and groping under the tobacco, drew out
some thirty dollars in silver; then spreading them on the table, and
mechanically dividing them into two equal portions, pushed one of them
towards me, and said it was mine. I was going to remonstrate; but he
silenced me by pouring them into my trowsers' pockets. I let them stay.
He then went about his evening prayers, took out his idol, and removed
the paper fireboard. By certain signs and symptoms, I thought he seemed
anxious for me to join him; but well knowing what was to follow, I
deliberated a moment whether, in case he invited me, I would comply or
otherwise.

I was a good Christian; born and bred in the bosom of the infallible
Presbyterian Church. How then could I unite with this wild idolator in
worshipping his piece of wood? But what is worship? thought I. Do
you suppose now, Ishmael, that the magnanimous God of heaven and
earth--pagans and all included--can possibly be jealous of an
insignificant bit of black wood? Impossible! But what is worship?--to do
the will of God--THAT is worship. And what is the will of God?--to do to
my fellow man what I would have my fellow man to do to me--THAT is the
will of God. Now, Queequeg is my fellow man. And what do I wish that
this Queequeg would do to me? Why, unite with me in my particular
Presbyterian form of worship. Consequently, I must then unite with him
in his; ergo, I must turn idolator. So I kindled the shavings; helped
prop up the innocent little idol; offered him burnt biscuit with
Queequeg; salamed before him twice or thrice; kissed his nose; and that
done, we undressed and went to bed, at peace with our own consciences
and all the world. But we did not go to sleep without some little chat.

How it is I know not; but there is no place like a bed for confidential
disclosures between friends. Man and wife, they say, there open the very
bottom of their souls to each other; and some old couples often lie
and chat over old times till nearly morning. Thus, then, in our hearts'
honeymoon, lay I and Queequeg--a cosy, loving pair.



CHAPTER 11. Nightgown.


We had lain thus in bed, chatting and napping at short intervals, and
Queequeg now and then affectionately throwing his brown tattooed legs
over mine, and then drawing them back; so entirely sociable and free
and easy were we; when, at last, by reason of our confabulations, what
little nappishness remained in us altogether departed, and we felt like
getting up again, though day-break was yet some way down the future.

Yes, we became very wakeful; so much so that our recumbent position
began to grow wearisome, and by little and little we found ourselves
sitting up; the clothes well tucked around us, leaning against the
head-board with our four knees drawn up close together, and our two
noses bending over them, as if our kneepans were warming-pans. We felt
very nice and snug, the more so since it was so chilly out of doors;
indeed out of bed-clothes too, seeing that there was no fire in the
room. The more so, I say, because truly to enjoy bodily warmth, some
small part of you must be cold, for there is no quality in this world
that is not what it is merely by contrast. Nothing exists in itself. If
you flatter yourself that you are all over comfortable, and have been so
a long time, then you cannot be said to be comfortable any more. But if,
like Queequeg and me in the bed, the tip of your nose or the crown
of your head be slightly chilled, why then, indeed, in the general
consciousness you feel most delightfully and unmistakably warm. For this
reason a sleeping apartment should never be furnished with a fire, which
is one of the luxurious discomforts of the rich. For the height of this
sort of deliciousness is to have nothing but the blanket between you and
your snugness and the cold of the outer air. Then there you lie like the
one warm spark in the heart of an arctic crystal.

We had been sitting in this crouching manner for some time, when all at
once I thought I would open my eyes; for when between sheets, whether
by day or by night, and whether asleep or awake, I have a way of always
keeping my eyes shut, in order the more to concentrate the snugness
of being in bed. Because no man can ever feel his own identity aright
except his eyes be closed; as if darkness were indeed the proper element
of our essences, though light be more congenial to our clayey part. Upon
opening my eyes then, and coming out of my own pleasant and self-created
darkness into the imposed and coarse outer gloom of the unilluminated
twelve-o'clock-at-night, I experienced a disagreeable revulsion. Nor did
I at all object to the hint from Queequeg that perhaps it were best to
strike a light, seeing that we were so wide awake; and besides he felt
a strong desire to have a few quiet puffs from his Tomahawk. Be it said,
that though I had felt such a strong repugnance to his smoking in the
bed the night before, yet see how elastic our stiff prejudices grow when
love once comes to bend them. For now I liked nothing better than to
have Queequeg smoking by me, even in bed, because he seemed to be full
of such serene household joy then. I no more felt unduly concerned for
the landlord's policy of insurance. I was only alive to the condensed
confidential comfortableness of sharing a pipe and a blanket with a real
friend. With our shaggy jackets drawn about our shoulders, we now passed
the Tomahawk from one to the other, till slowly there grew over us a
blue hanging tester of smoke, illuminated by the flame of the new-lit
lamp.

Whether it was that this undulating tester rolled the savage away to far
distant scenes, I know not, but he now spoke of his native island; and,
eager to hear his history, I begged him to go on and tell it. He gladly
complied. Though at the time I but ill comprehended not a few of his
words, yet subsequent disclosures, when I had become more familiar with
his broken phraseology, now enable me to present the whole story such as
it may prove in the mere skeleton I give.



CHAPTER 12. Biographical.


Queequeg was a native of Rokovoko, an island far away to the West and
South. It is not down in any map; true places never are.

When a new-hatched savage running wild about his native woodlands in
a grass clout, followed by the nibbling goats, as if he were a green
sapling; even then, in Queequeg's ambitious soul, lurked a strong desire
to see something more of Christendom than a specimen whaler or two. His
father was a High Chief, a King; his uncle a High Priest; and on the
maternal side he boasted aunts who were the wives of unconquerable
warriors. There was excellent blood in his veins--royal stuff; though
sadly vitiated, I fear, by the cannibal propensity he nourished in his
untutored youth.

A Sag Harbor ship visited his father's bay, and Queequeg sought a
passage to Christian lands. But the ship, having her full complement of
seamen, spurned his suit; and not all the King his father's influence
could prevail. But Queequeg vowed a vow. Alone in his canoe, he paddled
off to a distant strait, which he knew the ship must pass through when
she quitted the island. On one side was a coral reef; on the other a low
tongue of land, covered with mangrove thickets that grew out into the
water. Hiding his canoe, still afloat, among these thickets, with its
prow seaward, he sat down in the stern, paddle low in hand; and when the
ship was gliding by, like a flash he darted out; gained her side; with
one backward dash of his foot capsized and sank his canoe; climbed up
the chains; and throwing himself at full length upon the deck, grappled
a ring-bolt there, and swore not to let it go, though hacked in pieces.

In vain the captain threatened to throw him overboard; suspended a
cutlass over his naked wrists; Queequeg was the son of a King, and
Queequeg budged not. Struck by his desperate dauntlessness, and his wild
desire to visit Christendom, the captain at last relented, and told
him he might make himself at home. But this fine young savage--this sea
Prince of Wales, never saw the Captain's cabin. They put him down among
the sailors, and made a whaleman of him. But like Czar Peter content to
toil in the shipyards of foreign cities, Queequeg disdained no seeming
ignominy, if thereby he might happily gain the power of enlightening his
untutored countrymen. For at bottom--so he told me--he was actuated by a
profound desire to learn among the Christians, the arts whereby to
make his people still happier than they were; and more than that,
still better than they were. But, alas! the practices of whalemen soon
convinced him that even Christians could be both miserable and wicked;
infinitely more so, than all his father's heathens. Arrived at last in
old Sag Harbor; and seeing what the sailors did there; and then going on
to Nantucket, and seeing how they spent their wages in that place also,
poor Queequeg gave it up for lost. Thought he, it's a wicked world in
all meridians; I'll die a pagan.

And thus an old idolator at heart, he yet lived among these Christians,
wore their clothes, and tried to talk their gibberish. Hence the queer
ways about him, though now some time from home.

By hints, I asked him whether he did not propose going back, and having
a coronation; since he might now consider his father dead and gone, he
being very old and feeble at the last accounts. He answered no, not yet;
and added that he was fearful Christianity, or rather Christians, had
unfitted him for ascending the pure and undefiled throne of thirty pagan
Kings before him. But by and by, he said, he would return,--as soon as
he felt himself baptized again. For the nonce, however, he proposed to
sail about, and sow his wild oats in all four oceans. They had made a
harpooneer of him, and that barbed iron was in lieu of a sceptre now.

I asked him what might be his immediate purpose, touching his future
movements. He answered, to go to sea again, in his old vocation. Upon
this, I told him that whaling was my own design, and informed him of my
intention to sail out of Nantucket, as being the most promising port for
an adventurous whaleman to embark from. He at once resolved to accompany
me to that island, ship aboard the same vessel, get into the same watch,
the same boat, the same mess with me, in short to share my every hap;
with both my hands in his, boldly dip into the Potluck of both worlds.
To all this I joyously assented; for besides the affection I now felt
for Queequeg, he was an experienced harpooneer, and as such, could not
fail to be of great usefulness to one, who, like me, was wholly ignorant
of the mysteries of whaling, though well acquainted with the sea, as
known to merchant seamen.

His story being ended with his pipe's last dying puff, Queequeg embraced
me, pressed his forehead against mine, and blowing out the light, we
rolled over from each other, this way and that, and very soon were
sleeping.


CHAPTER 13. Wheelbarrow.


Next morning, Monday, after disposing of the embalmed head to a barber,
for a block, I settled my own and comrade's bill; using, however, my
comrade's money. The grinning landlord, as well as the boarders, seemed
amazingly tickled at the sudden friendship which had sprung up between
me and Queequeg--especially as Peter Coffin's cock and bull stories
about him had previously so much alarmed me concerning the very person
whom I now companied with.

We borrowed a wheelbarrow, and embarking our things, including my own
poor carpet-bag, and Queequeg's canvas sack and hammock, away we went
down to "Christmas gift. Tix to my tour. Buy at http://t.co/SrSQ0DuAPG. RT this 2000 times and one of you will get $500 GC from Ben Moss Jewellers." the little Nantucket packet schooner moored at the
wharf. As we were going along the people stared; not at Queequeg
so much--for they were used to seeing cannibals like him in their
streets,--but at seeing him and me upon such confidential terms. But we
heeded them not, going along wheeling the barrow by turns, and Queequeg
now and then stopping to adjust the sheath on his harpoon barbs. I asked
him why he carried such a troublesome thing with him ashore, and
whether all whaling ships did not find their own harpoons. To this, in
substance, he replied, that though what I hinted was true enough, yet
he had a particular affection for his own harpoon, because it was of
assured stuff, well tried in many a mortal combat, and deeply intimate
with the hearts of whales. In short, like many inland reapers
and mowers, who go into the farmers' meadows armed with their own
scythes--though in no wise obliged to furnish them--even so, Queequeg,
for his own private reasons, preferred his own harpoon.

Shifting the barrow from my hand to his, he told me a funny story about
the first wheelbarrow he had ever seen. It was in Sag Harbor. The owners
of his ship, it seems, had lent him one, in which to carry his
heavy chest to his boarding house. Not to seem ignorant about the
thing--though in truth he was entirely so, concerning the precise way in
which to manage the barrow--Queequeg puts his chest upon it; lashes it
fast; and then shoulders the barrow and marches up the wharf. "Why We Love Sports Today: Devin Gardner shows great sportsmanship w/ injured Ohio St QB J.T. Barrett. (via @USAToday) http://t.co/4MsN29fT0j"
said I, "Are you having a laugh? @MichaelBuerk sure is. Follow us on Vine for even more chuckles #imaceleb https://t.co/OW29m0Wqiu"

Upon this, he told me another story. The people of his island of
Rokovoko, it seems, at their wedding feasts express the fragrant water
of young cocoanuts into a large stained calabash like a punchbowl; and
this punchbowl always forms the great central ornament on the braided
mat where the feast is held. Now a certain grand merchant ship once
touched at Rokovoko, and its commander--from all accounts, a very
stately punctilious gentleman, at least for a sea captain--this
commander was invited to the wedding feast of Queequeg's sister, a
pretty young princess just turned of ten. Well; when all the wedding
guests were assembled at the bride's bamboo cottage, this Captain
marches in, and being assigned the post of honour, placed himself over
against the punchbowl, and between the High Priest and his majesty the
King, Queequeg's father. Grace being said,--for those people have their
grace as well as we--though Queequeg told me that unlike us, who at such
times look downwards to our platters, they, on the contrary, copying the
ducks, glance upwards to the great Giver of all feasts--Grace, I say,
being said, the High Priest opens the banquet by the immemorial ceremony
of the island; that is, dipping his consecrated and consecrating fingers
into the bowl before the blessed beverage circulates. Seeing himself
placed next the Priest, and noting the ceremony, and thinking
himself--being Captain of a ship--as having plain precedence over a
mere island King, especially in the King's own house--the Captain coolly
proceeds to wash his hands in the punchbowl;--taking it I suppose for a
huge finger-glass. "#H1DDENinSpotify is trending. Now you've just got to get #FOUR trending to reveal exclusive 1D clips on @Spotify!" said Queequeg, "I always have that thought in the back of my mind... What if that didn't happen? What would things be like now?"

At last, passage paid, and luggage safe, we stood on board the schooner.
Hoisting sail, it glided down the Acushnet river. On one side, New
Bedford rose in terraces of streets, their ice-covered trees all
glittering in the clear, cold air. Huge hills and mountains of casks on
casks were piled upon her wharves, and side by side the world-wandering
whale ships lay silent and safely moored at last; while from others
came a sound of carpenters and coopers, with blended noises of fires and
forges to melt the pitch, all betokening that new cruises were on the
start; that one most perilous and long voyage ended, only begins a
second; and a second ended, only begins a third, and so on, for ever
and for aye. Such is the endlessness, yea, the intolerableness of all
earthly effort.

Gaining the more open water, the bracing breeze waxed fresh; the little
Moss tossed the quick foam from her bows, as a young colt his snortings.
How I snuffed that Tartar air!--how I spurned that turnpike earth!--that
common highway all over dented with the marks of slavish heels and
hoofs; and turned me to admire the magnanimity of the sea which will
permit no records.

At the same foam-fountain, Queequeg seemed to drink and reel with me.
His dusky nostrils swelled apart; he showed his filed and pointed teeth.
On, on we flew; and our offing gained, the Moss did homage to the
blast; ducked and dived her bows as a slave before the Sultan. Sideways
leaning, we sideways darted; every ropeyarn tingling like a wire; the
two tall masts buckling like Indian canes in land tornadoes. So full of
this reeling scene were we, as we stood by the plunging bowsprit, that
for some time we did not notice the jeering glances of the passengers, a
lubber-like assembly, who marvelled that two fellow beings should be so
companionable; as though a white man were anything more dignified than a
whitewashed negro. But there were some boobies and bumpkins there, who,
by their intense greenness, must have come from the heart and centre of
all verdure. Queequeg caught one of these young saplings mimicking him
behind his back. I thought the bumpkin's hour of doom was come. Dropping
his harpoon, the brawny savage caught him in his arms, and by an almost
miraculous dexterity and strength, sent him high up bodily into the air;
then slightly tapping his stern in mid-somerset, the fellow landed with
bursting lungs upon his feet, while Queequeg, turning his back upon him,
lighted his tomahawk pipe and passed it to me for a puff.

"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" yelled the bumpkin, running towards that officer;
"Only the devil himself could come up with something like this http://t.co/ftf1iBVUbo"

"Happy Hallo-giving, #Hellblazers. Thanks for watching tonight! #Constantine http://t.co/WN8IrBZj3T" cried the Captain, a gaunt rib of the sea, stalking
up to Queequeg, "Russell Westbrook will play tonight, according to Thunder coach Scott Brooks http://t.co/rhyqfH9RvC http://t.co/ghM4DgawaD"

"What did the snow say to the falling leaf? You are so last season. #ClassicJokeFriday" said Queequeg, as he mildly turned to me.

"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW" said I, "Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu" pointing
to the still shivering greenhorn.

"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" cried Queequeg, twisting his tattooed face into an unearthly
expression of disdain, "Only 70% of people will understand this:

 2 + 2 = Fish.

 3 + 3 = Eight.

 7 + 7 = Triangle.

 R E T W E E T If u get it."

"Ireland ! you ready for On The Road Again 2015 ? Coming home for ya!!  Tickets on sale 6th Dec !" roared the Captain, "CANNIBAL CORPSE Lyrics Banned In Russia http://t.co/R7FGvgDD4Z http://t.co/Hg5pMPMaJo"

But it so happened just then, that it was high time for the Captain to
mind his own eye. The prodigious strain upon the main-sail had parted
the weather-sheet, and the tremendous boom was now flying from side to
side, completely sweeping the entire after part of the deck. The poor
fellow whom Queequeg had handled so roughly, was swept overboard; all
hands were in a panic; and to attempt snatching at the boom to stay it,
seemed madness. It flew from right to left, and back again, almost
in one ticking of a watch, and every instant seemed on the point of
snapping into splinters. Nothing was done, and nothing seemed capable of
being done; those on deck rushed towards the bows, and stood eyeing the
boom as if it were the lower jaw of an exasperated whale. In the
midst of this consternation, Queequeg dropped deftly to his knees, and
crawling under the path of the boom, whipped hold of a rope, secured one
end to the bulwarks, and then flinging the other like a lasso, caught it
round the boom as it swept over his head, and at the next jerk, the spar
was that way trapped, and all was safe. The schooner was run into the
wind, and while the hands were clearing away the stern boat, Queequeg,
stripped to the waist, darted from the side with a long living arc of
a leap. For three minutes or more he was seen swimming like a dog,
throwing his long arms straight out before him, and by turns revealing
his brawny shoulders through the freezing foam. I looked at the grand
and glorious fellow, but saw no one to be saved. The greenhorn had gone
down. Shooting himself perpendicularly from the water, Queequeg, now
took an instant's glance around him, and seeming to see just how matters
were, dived down and disappeared. A few minutes more, and he rose again,
one arm still striking out, and with the other dragging a lifeless form.
The boat soon picked them up. The poor bumpkin was restored. All hands
voted Queequeg a noble trump; the captain begged his pardon. From that
hour I clove to Queequeg like a barnacle; yea, till poor Queequeg took
his last long dive.

Was there ever such unconsciousness? He did not seem to think that he at
all deserved a medal from the Humane and Magnanimous Societies. He only
asked for water--fresh water--something to wipe the brine off; that
done, he put on dry clothes, lighted his pipe, and leaning against the
bulwarks, and mildly eyeing those around him, seemed to be saying
to himself--"Boko Harram is NOT Islamic.
BH is NOT against Christians.
BH is against Nigeria.
What we need is a solid political &amp; military solution."



CHAPTER 14. Nantucket.


Nothing more happened on the passage worthy the mentioning; so, after a
fine run, we safely arrived in Nantucket.

Nantucket! Take out your map and look at it. See what a real corner of
the world it occupies; how it stands there, away off shore, more lonely
than the Eddystone lighthouse. Look at it--a mere hillock, and elbow of
sand; all beach, without a background. There is more sand there than
you would use in twenty years as a substitute for blotting paper. Some
gamesome wights will tell you that they have to plant weeds there, they
don't grow naturally; that they import Canada thistles; that they have
to send beyond seas for a spile to stop a leak in an oil cask; that
pieces of wood in Nantucket are carried about like bits of the true
cross in Rome; that people there plant toadstools before their houses,
to get under the shade in summer time; that one blade of grass makes an
oasis, three blades in a day's walk a prairie; that they wear quicksand
shoes, something like Laplander snow-shoes; that they are so shut up,
belted about, every way inclosed, surrounded, and made an utter island
of by the ocean, that to their very chairs and tables small clams will
sometimes be found adhering, as to the backs of sea turtles. But these
extravaganzas only show that Nantucket is no Illinois.

Look now at the wondrous traditional story of how this island was
settled by the red-men. Thus goes the legend. In olden times an eagle
swooped down upon the New England coast, and carried off an infant
Indian in his talons. With loud lament the parents saw their child borne
out of sight over the wide waters. They resolved to follow in the same
direction. Setting out in their canoes, after a perilous passage they
discovered the island, and there they found an empty ivory casket,--the
poor little Indian's skeleton.

What wonder, then, that these Nantucketers, born on a beach, should take
to the sea for a livelihood! They first caught crabs and quohogs in
the sand; grown bolder, they waded out with nets for mackerel; more
experienced, they pushed off in boats and captured cod; and at last,
launching a navy of great ships on the sea, explored this watery world;
put an incessant belt of circumnavigations round it; peeped in
at Behring's Straits; and in all seasons and all oceans declared
everlasting war with the mightiest animated mass that has survived the
flood; most monstrous and most mountainous! That Himmalehan, salt-sea
Mastodon, clothed with such portentousness of unconscious power, that
his very panics are more to be dreaded than his most fearless and
malicious assaults!

And thus have these naked Nantucketers, these sea hermits, issuing from
their ant-hill in the sea, overrun and conquered the watery world like
so many Alexanders; parcelling out among them the Atlantic, Pacific, and
Indian oceans, as the three pirate powers did Poland. Let America add
Mexico to Texas, and pile Cuba upon Canada; let the English overswarm
all India, and hang out their blazing banner from the sun; two thirds
of this terraqueous globe are the Nantucketer's. For the sea is his; he
owns it, as Emperors own empires; other seamen having but a right of
way through it. Merchant ships are but extension bridges; armed ones but
floating forts; even pirates and privateers, though following the sea
as highwaymen the road, they but plunder other ships, other fragments of
the land like themselves, without seeking to draw their living from the
bottomless deep itself. The Nantucketer, he alone resides and riots on
the sea; he alone, in Bible language, goes down to it in ships; to and
fro ploughing it as his own special plantation. THERE is his home; THERE
lies his business, which a Noah's flood would not interrupt, though it
overwhelmed all the millions in China. He lives on the sea, as prairie
cocks in the prairie; he hides among the waves, he climbs them as
chamois hunters climb the Alps. For years he knows not the land; so
that when he comes to it at last, it smells like another world, more
strangely than the moon would to an Earthsman. With the landless gull,
that at sunset folds her wings and is rocked to sleep between billows;
so at nightfall, the Nantucketer, out of sight of land, furls his sails,
and lays him to his rest, while under his very pillow rush herds of
walruses and whales.



CHAPTER 15. Chowder.


It was quite late in the evening when the little Moss came snugly
to anchor, and Queequeg and I went ashore; so we could attend to no
business that day, at least none but a supper and a bed. The landlord of
the Spouter-Inn had recommended us to his cousin Hosea Hussey of the
Try Pots, whom he asserted to be the proprietor of one of the best kept
hotels in all Nantucket, and moreover he had assured us that Cousin
Hosea, as he called him, was famous for his chowders. In short, he
plainly hinted that we could not possibly do better than try pot-luck at
the Try Pots. But the directions he had given us about keeping a yellow
warehouse on our starboard hand till we opened a white church to the
larboard, and then keeping that on the larboard hand till we made a
corner three points to the starboard, and that done, then ask the first
man we met where the place was: these crooked directions of his very
much puzzled us at first, especially as, at the outset, Queequeg
insisted that the yellow warehouse--our first point of departure--must
be left on the larboard hand, whereas I had understood Peter Coffin to
say it was on the starboard. However, by dint of beating about a little
in the dark, and now and then knocking up a peaceable inhabitant
to inquire the way, we at last came to something which there was no
mistaking.

Two enormous wooden pots painted black, and suspended by asses' ears,
swung from the cross-trees of an old top-mast, planted in front of an
old doorway. The horns of the cross-trees were sawed off on the other
side, so that this old top-mast looked not a little like a gallows.
Perhaps I was over sensitive to such impressions at the time, but I
could not help staring at this gallows with a vague misgiving. A sort of
crick was in my neck as I gazed up to the two remaining horns; yes, TWO
of them, one for Queequeg, and one for me. It's ominous, thinks I. A
Coffin my Innkeeper upon landing in my first whaling port; tombstones
staring at me in the whalemen's chapel; and here a gallows! and a pair
of prodigious black pots too! Are these last throwing out oblique hints
touching Tophet?

I was called from these reflections by the sight of a freckled woman
with yellow hair and a yellow gown, standing in the porch of the inn,
under a dull red lamp swinging there, that looked much like an injured
eye, and carrying on a brisk scolding with a man in a purple woollen
shirt.

"i just heard @BeaMiller young blood playing on the radio and SCREAMED. AND THEN SANG ALONG AT THE TOP OF MY LUNGS OF COURSE." said she to the man, "#Kobane
#YPG combing the Eastern and South Front , despite the bombing by #ISIS
So far, 13 terrorist  have been killed since the morning"

"I need to get locked in a room and can't come out until I film at least 5 YouTube videos" said I, "New episodes of #LOVElife with @MatthewHussey for you here always http://t.co/6paVK0VCvv"

And so it turned out; Mr. Hosea Hussey being from home, but leaving
Mrs. Hussey entirely competent to attend to all his affairs. Upon
making known our desires for a supper and a bed, Mrs. Hussey, postponing
further scolding for the present, ushered us into a little room, and
seating us at a table spread with the relics of a recently concluded
repast, turned round to us and said--"The match officially starts in 10 minutes who do you think will take it? #MLGAWOpen http://t.co/mUbMv0Sijd"

""What can I get you, sir? Erm...I mean... Ma'am?"... "actually I identify as a robot, sooo..." #serverdoesntthinkimfunny #androgynyprobs" said I, with much politeness.

"The match officially starts in 10 minutes who do you think will take it? #MLGAWOpen http://t.co/mUbMv0Sijd" she repeated.

"Fancy candle-lit supper in a 17th-century Jacobean manor? http://t.co/mGOb7X8KiK #SecretBritain http://t.co/1PF8cqSMV0"
says I, "Fighting to the death over who controlled the till in the shop role-play area in Reception http://t.co/zMdAx7ahJj"

But being in a great hurry to resume scolding the man in the purple
Shirt, who was waiting for it in the entry, and seeming to hear nothing
but the word "This is what a clam with pearls looks like. http://t.co/j7NP6Z5UkB" Mrs. Hussey hurried towards an open door leading to
the kitchen, and bawling out "today I drove past a house with two plumbing vans parked out front, couldn't help but imagine/envy the intensity of their Thanksgiving meal" disappeared.

"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" said I, "The people in the streets of #Ferguson can't hear the POTUS plea for clam. Who is speaking to them, as the tear gas begins to flow?"

However, a warm savory steam from the kitchen served to belie the
apparently cheerless prospect before us. But when that smoking chowder
came in, the mystery was delightfully explained. Oh, sweet friends!
hearken to me. It was made of small juicy clams, scarcely bigger than
hazel nuts, mixed with pounded ship biscuit, and salted pork cut up into
little flakes; the whole enriched with butter, and plentifully seasoned
with pepper and salt. Our appetites being sharpened by the frosty
voyage, and in particular, Queequeg seeing his favourite fishing food
before him, and the chowder being surpassingly excellent, we despatched
it with great expedition: when leaning back a moment and bethinking
me of Mrs. Hussey's clam and cod announcement, I thought I would try
a little experiment. Stepping to the kitchen door, I uttered the word
"People saying I'm killing AW are giving me too much credit. I don't run COD, I just play a game and make videos lol" with great emphasis, and resumed my seat. In a few moments the
savoury steam came forth again, but with a different flavor, and in good
time a fine cod-chowder was placed before us.

We resumed business; and while plying our spoons in the bowl, thinks I
to myself, I wonder now if this here has any effect on the head?
What's that stultifying saying about chowder-headed people? "Want 2 snag these sweatshirts for 20% off? Head 2 Instagram 2 learn how! #cybermonday http://t.co/CNVCf1r4k7 http://t.co/tyVHMbmqiz"

Fishiest of all fishy places was the Try Pots, which well deserved
its name; for the pots there were always boiling chowders. Chowder for
breakfast, and chowder for dinner, and chowder for supper, till you
began to look for fish-bones coming through your clothes. The area
before the house was paved with clam-shells. Mrs. Hussey wore a polished
necklace of codfish vertebra; and Hosea Hussey had his account books
bound in superior old shark-skin. There was a fishy flavor to the milk,
too, which I could not at all account for, till one morning happening
to take a stroll along the beach among some fishermen's boats, I saw
Hosea's brindled cow feeding on fish remnants, and marching along the
sand with each foot in a cod's decapitated head, looking very slip-shod,
I assure ye.

Supper concluded, we received a lamp, and directions from Mrs. Hussey
concerning the nearest way to bed; but, as Queequeg was about to precede
me up the stairs, the lady reached forth her arm, and demanded his
harpoon; she allowed no harpoon in her chambers. "Moses film attacked on Twitter for all white cast. Since when are Egyptians not white?  All I know are." said I;
"hearing my own voice on recording makes me want to apologize to every single person ive talked to like im really sorry" "Most Dangerous Neighborhoods in America - http://t.co/NltVK9KxY4 http://t.co/i2HzAJDaIX" says she. "Most Dangerous Neighborhoods in America - http://t.co/NltVK9KxY4 http://t.co/i2HzAJDaIX" (for
she had learned his name), "I think I ate too much Turkey yesterday.. soo pie for breakfast? suuure!"

"So glad the hoes stopped saying “I love me enough for the both of us”… They so quick to use lyrics to lie." says I; "Beloved Mexican comedian Chespirito has died at the age of 85: http://t.co/d1IkomPlOQ http://t.co/sQ5DJnqhMP"



CHAPTER 16. The Ship.


In bed we concocted our plans for the morrow. But to my surprise and
no small concern, Queequeg now gave me to understand, that he had been
diligently consulting Yojo--the name of his black little god--and Yojo
had told him two or three times over, and strongly insisted upon it
everyway, that instead of our going together among the whaling-fleet in
harbor, and in concert selecting our craft; instead of this, I say, Yojo
earnestly enjoined that the selection of the ship should rest wholly
with me, inasmuch as Yojo purposed befriending us; and, in order to
do so, had already pitched upon a vessel, which, if left to myself, I,
Ishmael, should infallibly light upon, for all the world as though it
had turned out by chance; and in that vessel I must immediately ship
myself, for the present irrespective of Queequeg.

I have forgotten to mention that, in many things, Queequeg placed great
confidence in the excellence of Yojo's judgment and surprising forecast
of things; and cherished Yojo with considerable esteem, as a rather good
sort of god, who perhaps meant well enough upon the whole, but in all
cases did not succeed in his benevolent designs.

Now, this plan of Queequeg's, or rather Yojo's, touching the selection
of our craft; I did not like that plan at all. I had not a little relied
upon Queequeg's sagacity to point out the whaler best fitted to carry
us and our fortunes securely. But as all my remonstrances produced
no effect upon Queequeg, I was obliged to acquiesce; and accordingly
prepared to set about this business with a determined rushing sort
of energy and vigor, that should quickly settle that trifling little
affair. Next morning early, leaving Queequeg shut up with Yojo in our
little bedroom--for it seemed that it was some sort of Lent or Ramadan,
or day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer with Queequeg and Yojo that
day; HOW it was I never could find out, for, though I applied myself
to it several times, I never could master his liturgies and XXXIX
Articles--leaving Queequeg, then, fasting on his tomahawk pipe, and Yojo
warming himself at his sacrificial fire of shavings, I sallied out among
the shipping. After much prolonged sauntering and many random inquiries,
I learnt that there were three ships up for three-years' voyages--The
Devil-dam, the Tit-bit, and the Pequod. DEVIL-DAM, I do not know the
origin of; TIT-BIT is obvious; PEQUOD, you will no doubt remember, was
the name of a celebrated tribe of Massachusetts Indians; now extinct
as the ancient Medes. I peered and pryed about the Devil-dam; from her,
hopped over to the Tit-bit; and finally, going on board the Pequod,
looked around her for a moment, and then decided that this was the very
ship for us.

You may have seen many a quaint craft in your day, for aught I
know;--square-toed luggers; mountainous Japanese junks; butter-box
galliots, and what not; but take my word for it, you never saw such a
rare old craft as this same rare old Pequod. She was a ship of the old
school, rather small if anything; with an old-fashioned claw-footed look
about her. Long seasoned and weather-stained in the typhoons and calms
of all four oceans, her old hull's complexion was darkened like a French
grenadier's, who has alike fought in Egypt and Siberia. Her venerable
bows looked bearded. Her masts--cut somewhere on the coast of Japan,
where her original ones were lost overboard in a gale--her masts stood
stiffly up like the spines of the three old kings of Cologne. Her
ancient decks were worn and wrinkled, like the pilgrim-worshipped
flag-stone in Canterbury Cathedral where Becket bled. But to all these
her old antiquities, were added new and marvellous features, pertaining
to the wild business that for more than half a century she had followed.
Old Captain Peleg, many years her chief-mate, before he commanded
another vessel of his own, and now a retired seaman, and one of the
principal owners of the Pequod,--this old Peleg, during the term of his
chief-mateship, had built upon her original grotesqueness, and inlaid
it, all over, with a quaintness both of material and device, unmatched
by anything except it be Thorkill-Hake's carved buckler or bedstead. She
was apparelled like any barbaric Ethiopian emperor, his neck heavy with
pendants of polished ivory. She was a thing of trophies. A cannibal of
a craft, tricking herself forth in the chased bones of her enemies. All
round, her unpanelled, open bulwarks were garnished like one continuous
jaw, with the long sharp teeth of the sperm whale, inserted there for
pins, to fasten her old hempen thews and tendons to. Those thews ran not
through base blocks of land wood, but deftly travelled over sheaves of
sea-ivory. Scorning a turnstile wheel at her reverend helm, she sported
there a tiller; and that tiller was in one mass, curiously carved
from the long narrow lower jaw of her hereditary foe. The helmsman who
steered by that tiller in a tempest, felt like the Tartar, when he holds
back his fiery steed by clutching its jaw. A noble craft, but somehow a
most melancholy! All noble things are touched with that.

Now when I looked about the quarter-deck, for some one having authority,
in order to propose myself as a candidate for the voyage, at first I saw
nobody; but I could not well overlook a strange sort of tent, or
rather wigwam, pitched a little behind the main-mast. It seemed only
a temporary erection used in port. It was of a conical shape, some ten
feet high; consisting of the long, huge slabs of limber black bone taken
from the middle and highest part of the jaws of the right-whale.
Planted with their broad ends on the deck, a circle of these slabs laced
together, mutually sloped towards each other, and at the apex united in
a tufted point, where the loose hairy fibres waved to and fro like the
top-knot on some old Pottowottamie Sachem's head. A triangular opening
faced towards the bows of the ship, so that the insider commanded a
complete view forward.

And half concealed in this queer tenement, I at length found one who
by his aspect seemed to have authority; and who, it being noon, and
the ship's work suspended, was now enjoying respite from the burden of
command. He was seated on an old-fashioned oaken chair, wriggling all
over with curious carving; and the bottom of which was formed of a
stout interlacing of the same elastic stuff of which the wigwam was
constructed.

There was nothing so very particular, perhaps, about the appearance of
the elderly man I saw; he was brown and brawny, like most old seamen,
and heavily rolled up in blue pilot-cloth, cut in the Quaker style;
only there was a fine and almost microscopic net-work of the minutest
wrinkles interlacing round his eyes, which must have arisen from
his continual sailings in many hard gales, and always looking to
windward;--for this causes the muscles about the eyes to become pursed
together. Such eye-wrinkles are very effectual in a scowl.

"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes" said I, advancing to the door of
the tent.

"It is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatsoever for supposing it is true. ~Bertrand Russell #quote"
he demanded.

"This is a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships. http://t.co/56Pq9A3Mjv"

"What do you do with a sick boat?

Take it to the dock."

"Definitely think I have a phobia of bugs 😳"

"I'm in a part of Brooklyn where it's impossible to tell the hipsters from the 1890 whaling boat crew members."Nothing, Sir; but I have no doubt I shall soon learn. I've been several
voyages in the merchant service, and I think that--"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Merchant service be damned. Talk not that lingo to me. Dost see that
leg?--I'll take that leg away from thy stern, if ever thou talkest of
the marchant service to me again. Marchant service indeed! I suppose now
ye feel considerable proud of having served in those marchant ships.
But flukes! man, what makes thee want to go a whaling, eh?--it looks
a little suspicious, don't it, eh?--Hast not been a pirate, hast
thou?--Didst not rob thy last Captain, didst thou?--Dost not think of
murdering the officers when thou gettest to sea?"Not sure if kid's shows have sexual innuendoes or I just have a really dirty mind."But what takes thee a-whaling? I want to know that before I think of
shipping ye."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Well, sir, I want to see what whaling is. I want to see the world."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Want to see what whaling is, eh? Have ye clapped eye on Captain Ahab?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Who is Captain Ahab, sir?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Aye, aye, I thought so. Captain Ahab is the Captain of this ship."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I am mistaken then. I thought I was speaking to the Captain himself."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Thou art speaking to Captain Peleg--that's who ye are speaking to,
young man. It belongs to me and Captain Bildad to see the Pequod fitted
out for the voyage, and supplied with all her needs, including crew. We
are part owners and agents. But as I was going to say, if thou wantest
to know what whaling is, as thou tellest ye do, I can put ye in a way of
finding it out before ye bind yourself to it, past backing out. Clap
eye on Captain Ahab, young man, and thou wilt find that he has only one
leg."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"What do you mean, sir? Was the other one lost by a whale?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Lost by a whale! Young man, come nearer to me: it was devoured,
chewed up, crunched by the monstrousest parmacetty that ever chipped a
boat!--ah, ah!"Cut out all those exclamation marks. An exclamation mark is like laughing at your own joke.
F. SCOTT FITZGERALD http://t.co/h0a5shhOIX"What you say is no doubt true enough, sir; but how could I know
there was any peculiar ferocity in that particular whale, though indeed
I might have inferred as much from the simple fact of the accident."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Look ye now, young man, thy lungs are a sort of soft, d'ye see; thou
dost not talk shark a bit. SURE, ye've been to sea before now; sure of
that?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Sir,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"I thought I told you that I had been four voyages in the
merchant--"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Hard down out of that! Mind what I said about the marchant
service--don't aggravate me--I won't have it. But let us understand each
other. I have given thee a hint about what whaling is; do ye yet feel
inclined for it?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I do, sir."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Very good. Now, art thou the man to pitch a harpoon down a live whale's
throat, and then jump after it? Answer, quick!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I am, sir, if it should be positively indispensable to do so; not to be
got rid of, that is; which I don't take to be the fact."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Good again. Now then, thou not only wantest to go a-whaling, to find
out by experience what whaling is, but ye also want to go in order to
see the world? Was not that what ye said? I thought so. Well then, just
step forward there, and take a peep over the weather-bow, and then back
to me and tell me what ye see there."We have a feeling we probably won't be concentrating much on the rest of the show. Soz #XFactor http://t.co/dG7xAA0ZUl"Well, what's the report?"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"what did ye
see?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Not much,"VIDEO: Marshawn Lynch switched it up and replied “Nope” to reporter’s postgame questions  http://t.co/zlPjZaAYR0 http://t.co/ntwr4NFMxw"nothing but water; considerable horizon though,
and there's a squall coming up, I think."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Well, what does thou think then of seeing the world? Do ye wish to go
round Cape Horn to see any more of it, eh? Can't ye see the world where
you stand?"People of J&amp;K see a new ray of hope. They are determined to end this 'turn by turn' looting &amp; will vote for progress. http://t.co/hD0M1mVTEc"And thou mayest as well sign the papers right off,"Only a few days until the #1DConcertFilmDVD is out (more clips added to the playlist today)... http://t.co/iOCZG4O63r"come
along with ye."Basically the nots (not white, not male, not straight, not cis-gendered, not able-bodied) are deemed as doing 'identity politics'."Bildad,"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"at it again, Bildad, eh? Ye have been
studying those Scriptures, now, for the last thirty years, to my certain
knowledge. How far ye got, Bildad?"An American sailor being inked by a shipmate aboard USS New Jersey http://t.co/ddMPvp8NLk"He says he's our man, Bildad,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"he wants to ship."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Dost thee?"i hope you feel $ome type of way when you hear it. when i'm high i love turning it up loud &amp; driving over the $peed limit to it"I dost,"Sometimes this sense of isolation, like acid spilling out of a bottle, can unconsciously eat away at a person’s heart and dissolve it."What do ye think of him, Bildad?"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"He'll do,"Victorian election 2014: An inevitable victory for Labor, but a stunning result nevertheless http://t.co/m1aJjQwwkE"LAY not up for
yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth--"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Well, Captain Bildad,"The Montgomery bus boycott lasted 381 days. So excuse me if your parade is interrupted we're over here getting free."what d'ye say, what lay
shall we give this young man?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Thou knowest best,"If you whatsapp me and the ticks blue and i dont reply, I have not aired you, I'm just verified on whats app"the seven hundred and
seventy-seventh wouldn't be too much, would it?--'where moth and rust do
corrupt, but LAY--'"despite popular beliefs, harry's actually a real human being w real human being feelings and everyone needs to take that into consideration"Why, blast your eyes, Bildad,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"thou dost not want to
swindle this young man! he must have more than that."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Seven hundred and seventy-seventh,"I'm gonna keep mumbling "we should've been up 28-0" to myself for the rest of the day. "Should've" is the key word of Will Muschamp's tenure"for where your treasure is, there
will your heart be also."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I am going to put him down for the three hundredth,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"do ye
hear that, Bildad! The three hundredth lay, I say."I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. - J.K. Rowling"Captain Peleg, thou hast a generous heart; but thou must consider the
duty thou owest to the other owners of this ship--widows and orphans,
many of them--and that if we too abundantly reward the labors of this
young man, we may be taking the bread from those widows and those
orphans. The seven hundred and seventy-seventh lay, Captain Peleg."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Thou Bildad!"Back in the starting lineup... Laurent Koscielny #WBAvAFC http://t.co/cNxsg2IXZl"Blast ye, Captain Bildad, if I had followed thy advice in these
matters, I would afore now had a conscience to lug about that would be
heavy enough to founder the largest ship that ever sailed round Cape
Horn."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Captain Peleg,"All of the Boeing 747s in the air at the moment. In the coming years, these numbers will steadily decrease. http://t.co/4xwo22UtRK"thy conscience may be drawing
ten inches of water, or ten fathoms, I can't tell; but as thou art still
an impenitent man, Captain Peleg, I greatly fear lest thy conscience be
but a leaky one; and will in the end sink thee foundering down to the
fiery pit, Captain Peleg."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Fiery pit! fiery pit! ye insult me, man; past all natural bearing, ye
insult me. It's an all-fired outrage to tell any human creature that
he's bound to hell. Flukes and flames! Bildad, say that again to me, and
start my soul-bolts, but I'll--I'll--yes, I'll swallow a live goat with
all his hair and horns on. Out of the cabin, ye canting, drab-coloured
son of a wooden gun--a straight wake with ye!"I have spent days and days just completely mute with rage and astonishment. The whole thing is a grotesque parody of justice."Whew!"Just went to the fridge for some leftovers and was whistled for a foul by these damn refs."the
squall's gone off to leeward, I think. Bildad, thou used to be good at
sharpening a lance, mend that pen, will ye. My jack-knife here needs
the grindstone. That's he; thank ye, Bildad. Now then, my young man,
Ishmael's thy name, didn't ye say? Well then, down ye go here, Ishmael,
for the three hundredth lay."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Captain Peleg,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"I have a friend with me who wants to ship
too--shall I bring him down to-morrow?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"To be sure,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"Fetch him along, and we'll look at him."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"What lay does he want?"Glancing at the top records, James Harden is the only guy carrying his team without any All-Star help right now."Oh! never thee mind about that, Bildad,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"Has he ever
whaled it any?"i hope you feel $ome type of way when you hear it. when i'm high i love turning it up loud &amp; driving over the $peed limit to it"Killed more whales than I can count, Captain Peleg."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Well, bring him along then."Here's how lives led by Ayotzinapa teaching students have changed irrevocably: http://t.co/pKAeTlVVWq http://t.co/jwbqs7crCq"And what dost thou want of Captain Ahab? It's all right enough; thou
art shipped."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Yes, but I should like to see him."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"But I don't think thou wilt be able to at present. I don't know exactly
what's the matter with him; but he keeps close inside the house; a sort
of sick, and yet he don't look so. In fact, he ain't sick; but no, he
isn't well either. Any how, young man, he won't always see me, so I
don't suppose he will thee. He's a queer man, Captain Ahab--so some
think--but a good one. Oh, thou'lt like him well enough; no fear, no
fear. He's a grand, ungodly, god-like man, Captain Ahab; doesn't speak
much; but, when he does speak, then you may well listen. Mark ye, be
forewarned; Ahab's above the common; Ahab's been in colleges, as well as
'mong the cannibals; been used to deeper wonders than the waves; fixed
his fiery lance in mightier, stranger foes than whales. His lance!
aye, the keenest and the surest that out of all our isle! Oh! he ain't
Captain Bildad; no, and he ain't Captain Peleg; HE'S AHAB, boy; and Ahab
of old, thou knowest, was a crowned king!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"And a very vile one. When that wicked king was slain, the dogs, did
they not lick his blood?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Come hither to me--hither, hither,"Never let someone with the significance of a speed bump become a roadblock in your life."Look ye, lad; never say that on board
the Pequod. Never say it anywhere. Captain Ahab did not name himself.
'Twas a foolish, ignorant whim of his crazy, widowed mother, who died
when he was only a twelvemonth old. And yet the old squaw Tistig, at
Gayhead, said that the name would somehow prove prophetic. And, perhaps,
other fools like her may tell thee the same. I wish to warn thee. It's a
lie. I know Captain Ahab well; I've sailed with him as mate years ago;
I know what he is--a good man--not a pious, good man, like Bildad, but
a swearing good man--something like me--only there's a good deal more of
him. Aye, aye, I know that he was never very jolly; and I know that on
the passage home, he was a little out of his mind for a spell; but it
was the sharp shooting pains in his bleeding stump that brought that
about, as any one might see. I know, too, that ever since he lost
his leg last voyage by that accursed whale, he's been a kind of
moody--desperate moody, and savage sometimes; but that will all pass
off. And once for all, let me tell thee and assure thee, young man, it's
better to sail with a moody good captain than a laughing bad one. So
good-bye to thee--and wrong not Captain Ahab, because he happens to
have a wicked name. Besides, my boy, he has a wife--not three voyages
wedded--a sweet, resigned girl. Think of that; by that sweet girl that
old man has a child: hold ye then there can be any utter, hopeless
harm in Ahab? No, no, my lad; stricken, blasted, if he be, Ahab has his
humanities!"Heaven have mercy on us all—Presbyterians and Pagans alike—for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head, and sadly need mending."Queequeg,"#SHINee’s #Key and Former “We Got Married” Partner Yagi Arisa Reunite in Japan http://t.co/4oCF1tGgEH http://t.co/5LpfIdLWCA"I say, Queequeg! why
don't you speak? It's I--Ishmael."Chris Hudson has gone apoplectic to @arsenalfantv"Queequeg!--Queequeg!"#Leo's stubbornly cling to their pride."La! la!"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"I thought something must
be the matter. I went to make the bed after breakfast, and the door was
locked; and not a mouse to be heard; and it's been just so silent ever
since. But I thought, may be, you had both gone off and locked your
baggage in for safe keeping. La! la, ma'am!--Mistress! murder! Mrs.
Hussey! apoplexy!"More than 180 Palestinian children have been kidnapped by Israeli occupation forces in the past 45 days. #Palestine http://t.co/OOLXmkcee0"Wood-house!"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"which way to it? Run for God's sake, and fetch
something to pry open the door--the axe!--the axe! he's had a stroke;
depend upon it!"All 12 boats are now back in empty handed after an unsuccessful hunting trip. Blue Cove day! 11:11am #tweet4taiji http://t.co/WWAJckiuKa"What's the matter with you, young man?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Get the axe! For God's sake, run for the doctor, some one, while I pry
it open!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Look here,"Keep it up, Beliebers! We're still in 1st position, but this can change very quickly. Keep voting! #MTVStars Justin Bieber"look here; are you talking about prying
open any of my doors?"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"What's the
matter with you? What's the matter with you, shipmate?"Sometimes this sense of isolation, like acid spilling out of a bottle, can unconsciously eat away at a person’s heart and dissolve it."No! I haven't seen
it since I put it there."Olivier Giroud makes his first start since August against WBA after returning from broken leg http://t.co/OojdR7FRM0 http://t.co/9I4RQ1kWQa"He's killed himself,"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"It's unfort'nate
Stiggs done over again there goes another counterpane--God pity his poor
mother!--it will be the ruin of my house. Has the poor lad a sister?
Where's that girl?--there, Betty, go to Snarles the Painter, and tell
him to paint me a sign, with--"Demonstrators will not be permitted onto our freeways. This is one of the busiest travel weekends of the year. http://t.co/bv8JWFsZAu"--might as well kill both birds at once. Kill?
The Lord be merciful to his ghost! What's that noise there? You, young
man, avast there!"PEOPLE WHO WEAR SKINNY JEANS WITH RUNNING SHOES MAKE ME SO MAD"I don't allow it; I won't have my premises spoiled. Go for the
locksmith, there's one about a mile from here. But avast!"Officer Darren Wilson's story is unbelievable, @ezraklein writes. "In the literal sense of the term." http://t.co/HxfuZP2u8R"here's a key that'll fit, I guess; let's
see."Ducks' Kyle Palmieri not facing any supplemental discipline from NHL for boarding of #Blackhawks' Johnny Oduya yesterday."Have to burst it open,"Altogether, there are only 6 acts who've ever REACHED the top of the billboard charts with their first 4 albums, the boys being 1."Queequeg,"So excited to FINALLY be going to Australia and New Zealand!!!!!!!!!! #DEMIWORLDTOUR 😍😜"Queequeg, what's the matter with
you?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"He hain't been a sittin' so all day, has he?"MLK Jr.: "It would be morally irresponsible for me to [condemn riots] without [also] condemning the intolerable conditions that exist.""Mrs. Hussey,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"he's ALIVE at all events; so leave us, if you
please, and I will see to this strange affair myself."Saving face after calls for job termination. RT "@wholabae: @blogdiva @sassycrass @thetrudz #WELP http://t.co/wsx0fnpjTA""For heaven's sake, Queequeg, get up and shake yourself; get up and have
some supper. You'll starve; you'll kill yourself, Queequeg."Loneliness and solitude are two different things. I don't envy those who are uncomfortable with their own singularity."Queequeg,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"get into bed
now, and lie and listen to me."It seems like some atheists are just as oppressive as extremist religionists"No more, Queequeg,"I'd LOVE to see a national #Immigrant Strike. Watch this country grind to a shuddering halt. #CameronMustGo"that will do;"and please stop tweeting me in a condescending fashion if your avi is of your ugly kids. why won’t ppl respect my wishes on that?"What do you mean by that, Captain Peleg?"if you're in a bad mood just imagine Marilyn Manson standing on a rickety ladder putting Christmas lights on his house"I mean,"VIDEO: Marshawn Lynch switched it up and replied “Nope” to reporter’s postgame questions  http://t.co/zlPjZaAYR0 http://t.co/ntwr4NFMxw"he must show his papers."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Yes,"K-Love (22-6) bounded and astounded for the @Cavs, but the @Pacers are sticking around. Cleveland up 52-49 at half! http://t.co/JnWKV0QN94"He must show that he's converted.
Son of darkness,"i hope you feel $ome type of way when you hear it. when i'm high i love turning it up loud &amp; driving over the $peed limit to it"art thou at present in
communion with any Christian church?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Why,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"he's a member of the first Congregational Church."VP Joe Biden made an appearance at the Nantucket Atheneum’s annual Cold Turkey Plunge  http://t.co/39vLKuLMQv http://t.co/GWrW5jlZY5"First Congregational Church,"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"what! that worships in
Deacon Deuteronomy Coleman's meeting-house?"A handkerchief is a great way to carry your snot around for a couple of weeks."How long hath he been a member?"i hope you feel $ome type of way when you hear it. when i'm high i love turning it up loud &amp; driving over the $peed limit to it"not very
long, I rather guess, young man."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"No,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"and he hasn't been baptized right either, or it would
have washed some of that devil's blue off his face."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Do tell, now,"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"is this Philistine a regular member of
Deacon Deuteronomy's meeting? I never saw him going there, and I pass it
every Lord's day."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I don't know anything about Deacon Deuteronomy or his meeting,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"all I know is, that Queequeg here is a born member of the First
Congregational Church. He is a deacon himself, Queequeg is."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Young man,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"thou art skylarking with me--explain
thyself, thou young Hittite. What church dost thee mean? answer me."VIDEO: Marshawn Lynch switched it up and replied “Nope” to reporter’s postgame questions  http://t.co/zlPjZaAYR0 http://t.co/ntwr4NFMxw"I mean, sir, the same
ancient Catholic Church to which you and I, and Captain Peleg there,
and Queequeg here, and all of us, and every mother's son and soul of
us belong; the great and everlasting First Congregation of this whole
worshipping world; we all belong to that; only some of us cherish some
queer crotchets no ways touching the grand belief; in THAT we all join
hands."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Splice, thou mean'st SPLICE hands,"I don't know why the hell my teacher keeps drawing donuts on my papers http://t.co/x2yOxNwQBI"Young
man, you'd better ship for a missionary, instead of a fore-mast hand;
I never heard a better sermon. Deacon Deuteronomy--why Father Mapple
himself couldn't beat it, and he's reckoned something. Come aboard, come
aboard; never mind about the papers. I say, tell Quohog there--what's
that you call him? tell Quohog to step along. By the great anchor, what
a harpoon he's got there! looks like good stuff that; and he handles it
about right. I say, Quohog, or whatever your name is, did you ever stand
in the head of a whale-boat? did you ever strike a fish?"Want 2 snag these sweatshirts for 20% off? Head 2 Instagram 2 learn how! #cybermonday http://t.co/CNVCf1r4k7 http://t.co/tyVHMbmqiz"Cap'ain, you see him small drop tar on water dere? You see him? well,
spose him one whale eye, well, den!"Twenty feet tall, glistening with mucous, each tentacle tipped with a coupon, or a flyer. Deadly deals all. #talesfromblackfriday"Now,"More than 150k lobster traps in the water off South Shore of NS; hauling started this morning http://t.co/Rz4NKPsObH http://t.co/jGg9xqEFsU"spos-ee him whale-e
eye; why, dad whale dead."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Quick, Bildad,"#NYPD Retreated. Crowd cheers. #BlackoutBlackFriday #BoycottBlackFriday #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/SVJEb1eZ5U"Quick, I say, you Bildad, and get the ship's papers. We must have
Hedgehog there, I mean Quohog, in one of our boats. Look ye, Quohog,
we'll give ye the ninetieth lay, and that's more than ever was given a
harpooneer yet out of Nantucket."Most goals in international cups (incl. Club World Cup,InterCity Fairs;not preliminaries)
1.G.Mueller 77
1.Raul 77
1.Messi 77
3.Cristiano 73"I guess, Quohog there don't know how
to write, does he? I say, Quohog, blast ye! dost thou sign thy name or
make thy mark?"The people who most insistently urge polite requests for justice are the ones who also most steadfastly refuse to listen to them."The Latter Day Coming; or No Time to Lose,"#PMatSAARC
"We earnestly hope that old and new democracies in South Asia will join hands to make the region happy and prosperous.""Son of darkness, I must do my
duty by thee; I am part owner of this ship, and feel concerned for the
souls of all its crew; if thou still clingest to thy Pagan ways, which I
sadly fear, I beseech thee, remain not for aye a Belial bondsman. Spurn
the idol Bell, and the hideous dragon; turn from the wrath to come; mind
thine eye, I say; oh! goodness gracious! steer clear of the fiery pit!"Scriptural principle: What you make happen for someone else God will have others make happen for you.… http://t.co/7muky2ICoU"Avast there, avast there, Bildad, avast now spoiling our harpooneer,"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!"Pious harpooneers never make good voyagers--it takes the shark
out of 'em; no harpooneer is worth a straw who aint pretty sharkish.
There was young Nat Swaine, once the bravest boat-header out of all
Nantucket and the Vineyard; he joined the meeting, and never came to
good. He got so frightened about his plaguy soul, that he shrinked and
sheered away from whales, for fear of after-claps, in case he got stove
and went to Davy Jones."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Peleg! Peleg!"Drawings without lifting the pencil from the paper, amazing http://t.co/uRX6jEhGHL"thou thyself,
as I myself, hast seen many a perilous time; thou knowest, Peleg, what
it is to have the fear of death; how, then, can'st thou prate in this
ungodly guise. Thou beliest thine own heart, Peleg. Tell me, when this
same Pequod here had her three masts overboard in that typhoon on Japan,
that same voyage when thou went mate with Captain Ahab, did'st thou not
think of Death and the Judgment then?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Hear him, hear him now,"Wendy's chili has silica in it--which is commonly found in the little freshness packets they put in the pockets of clothes."hear him, all of ye.
Think of that! When every moment we thought the ship would sink!
Death and the Judgment then? What? With all three masts making such an
everlasting thundering against the side; and every sea breaking over us,
fore and aft. Think of Death and the Judgment then? No! no time to think
about Death then. Life was what Captain Ahab and I was thinking of;
and how to save all hands--how to rig jury-masts--how to get into the
nearest port; that was what I was thinking of."By being empathetic to your team, you’ll be “in the know” about issues sooner, with ample time to course-correct: http://t.co/JTvI2kL5UH"Shipmates, have ye shipped in that ship?"A handkerchief is a great way to carry your snot around for a couple of weeks."Have ye shipped in her?"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier"You mean the ship Pequod, I suppose,"I just want to get a full night of uninterrupted sleep and wake up to some bacon and some head. Is that too much to ask for?"Aye, the Pequod--that ship there,"can we skip this whole “college” thing and go straight and go to the part where i have a really awesome job and spend all my time traveling?"Yes,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"we have just signed the articles."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Anything down there about your souls?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"About what?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Oh, perhaps you hav'n't got any,"Keep it up, Beliebers! We're still in 1st position, but this can change very quickly. Keep voting! #MTVStars Justin Bieber"No matter though,
I know many chaps that hav'n't got any,--good luck to 'em; and they are
all the better off for it. A soul's a sort of a fifth wheel to a wagon."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"What are you jabbering about, shipmate?"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"HE'S got enough, though, to make up for all deficiencies of that sort
in other chaps,"stranger: "get in the van "

me: "AHH NO GET AWAY FROM ME" *screams and runs away*

band member : "get in the van"

me: "k""Queequeg,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"let's go; this fellow has broken loose from
somewhere; he's talking about something and somebody we don't know."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Stop!"stranger: "get in the van "

me: "AHH NO GET AWAY FROM ME" *screams and runs away*

band member : "get in the van"

me: "k""Ye said true--ye hav'n't seen Old Thunder
yet, have ye?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Who's Old Thunder?"A coach’s job is to change the hearts, minds and actions of those he leads in a positive manner. – George Raveling"Captain Ahab."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"What! the captain of our ship, the Pequod?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Aye, among some of us old sailor chaps, he goes by that name. Ye
hav'n't seen him yet, have ye?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"No, we hav'n't. He's sick they say, but is getting better, and will be
all right again before long."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"All right again before long!"stranger: "get in the van "

me: "AHH NO GET AWAY FROM ME" *screams and runs away*

band member : "get in the van"

me: "k""Look ye; when Captain Ahab is all right, then
this left arm of mine will be all right; not before."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"What do you know about him?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"What did they TELL you about him? Say that!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"They didn't tell much of anything about him; only I've heard that he's
a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"That's true, that's true--yes, both true enough. But you must jump when
he gives an order. Step and growl; growl and go--that's the word with
Captain Ahab. But nothing about that thing that happened to him off Cape
Horn, long ago, when he lay like dead for three days and nights;
nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the Spaniard afore the altar in
Santa?--heard nothing about that, eh? Nothing about the silver calabash
he spat into? And nothing about his losing his leg last voyage,
according to the prophecy. Didn't ye hear a word about them matters and
something more, eh? No, I don't think ye did; how could ye? Who knows
it? Not all Nantucket, I guess. But hows'ever, mayhap, ye've heard tell
about the leg, and how he lost it; aye, ye have heard of that, I dare
say. Oh yes, THAT every one knows a'most--I mean they know he's only one
leg; and that a parmacetti took the other off."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"My friend,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"what all this gibberish of yours is about, I
don't know, and I don't much care; for it seems to me that you must be a
little damaged in the head. But if you are speaking of Captain Ahab, of
that ship there, the Pequod, then let me tell you, that I know all about
the loss of his leg."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"ALL about it, eh--sure you do?--all?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Pretty sure."stranger: "get in the van "

me: "AHH NO GET AWAY FROM ME" *screams and runs away*

band member : "get in the van"

me: "k""Ye've shipped, have ye? Names down on the
papers? Well, well, what's signed, is signed; and what's to be, will be;
and then again, perhaps it won't be, after all. Anyhow, it's all fixed
and arranged a'ready; and some sailors or other must go with him, I
suppose; as well these as any other men, God pity 'em! Morning to ye,
shipmates, morning; the ineffable heavens bless ye; I'm sorry I stopped
ye."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Look here, friend,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"if you have anything important to tell
us, out with it; but if you are only trying to bamboozle us, you are
mistaken in your game; that's all I have to say."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"And it's said very well, and I like to hear a chap talk up that way;
you are just the man for him--the likes of ye. Morning to ye, shipmates,
morning! Oh! when ye get there, tell 'em I've concluded not to make one
of 'em."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Ah, my dear fellow, you can't fool us that way--you can't fool us. It
is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great
secret in him."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Morning to ye, shipmates, morning."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Morning it is,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"Come along, Queequeg, let's leave this crazy
man. But stop, tell me your name, will you?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Elijah."Attended the #BlackFriday Sale at Mister TESCO's Costermongers. A swift Cudgel-Blow to an unsuspecting Shopper &amp; a Letter-Press was mine!"There are some sailors running ahead there, if I see right,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"it can't be shadows; she's off by sunrise, I guess; come on!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Avast!"People who are insinuating action against GEJ because of BH are playing right into the hands of BH..."Going aboard?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Hands off, will you,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"Lookee here,"Police refused to give Tamir Rice first aid. He was still alive. Minutes later FBI agent pulled up and did it himself http://t.co/NRHJ68udWj"go 'way!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Ain't going aboard, then?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Yes, we are,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"but what business is that of yours? Do you know,
Mr. Elijah, that I consider you a little impertinent?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"No, no, no; I wasn't aware of that,".@DineshDSouza: Liberal professors see themselves as “unaccountable to parents.” Parents: Do you agree? #KellyFile http://t.co/SBNymJe1HX"Elijah,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"you will oblige my friend and me by withdrawing. We
are going to the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and would prefer not to be
detained."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Ye be, be ye? Coming back afore breakfast?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"He's cracked, Queequeg,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"come on."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Holloa!"26 People Who Fought A Stationary Object And Lost. Big Time. http://t.co/7FJvj6hWao http://t.co/v2RQz4DE3j"Never mind him,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"Queequeg, come on."She's got a little too comfy on my shoulder http://t.co/IVoFbU95Df"Did ye see anything looking like men going towards that
ship a while ago?"According to American Psychology Association, there is a gene which turns people gay and lesbian and it's not a matter of choice."Yes,
I thought I did see four or five men; but it was too dim to be sure."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Very dim, very dim,"MARTIN: He's got really nice shoes.
ELIJAH: His middle finger is up isn't it.
#CaptionBaggins http://t.co/2KBkiTPpyS"Morning to ye."She's got a little too comfy on my shoulder http://t.co/IVoFbU95Df"See if you can find 'em now, will ye?

"Good Morning!! SO who's all going out shopping for #BlackFriday?"

"Such a weird feeling waking up in my own bed at home, doesn't happen very often! Morning everyone x🎸✌️" he rejoined, again moving off. "Strange But True: 62-year-old actor Mickey Rourke wins an exhibition boxing match against a 29-year-old opponent. https://t.co/ttgAQaAOoa" And with these cracked words he finally departed, leaving me, for
the moment, in no small wonderment at his frantic impudence.

At last, stepping on board the Pequod, we found everything in profound
quiet, not a soul moving. The cabin entrance was locked within; the
hatches were all on, and lumbered with coils of rigging. Going forward
to the forecastle, we found the slide of the scuttle open. Seeing a
light, we went down, and found only an old rigger there, wrapped in a
tattered pea-jacket. He was thrown at whole length upon two chests, his
face downwards and inclosed in his folded arms. The profoundest slumber
slept upon him.

"Sailors coming into port to meet their families 🌹 http://t.co/YcsN0MezYe" said I,
looking dubiously at the sleeper. But it seemed that, when on the wharf,
Queequeg had not at all noticed what I now alluded to; hence I would
have thought myself to have been optically deceived in that matter,
were it not for Elijah's otherwise inexplicable question. But I beat the
thing down; and again marking the sleeper, jocularly hinted to Queequeg
that perhaps we had best sit up with the body; telling him to establish
himself accordingly. He put his hand upon the sleeper's rear, as though
feeling if it was soft enough; and then, without more ado, sat quietly
down there.

"O LORD, be gracious to us; we long for you. Be our strength every morning, our salvation in time of distress. -Is 33:2" said I.

"i wish i had a window seat with lots of pillows that i could sit in and drink tea and read books in and watch the rain in" said Queequeg, "I call on Singapore authorities to facilitate the entry of Malaysian football fans into their country tomorrow. Please be fair to our fans."

"Happy 1st Birthday to my Best friend!!! The one who is always sure to put a smile on my face!! LOVE YOU PRINCETON ❤ http://t.co/82z8oAkgsy" said I, "Only those who can sense all the beauty of the universe in a single flower and see rainstorms in a drop water can understand its countenance"

Queequeg removed himself to just beyond the head of the sleeper, and
lighted his tomahawk pipe. I sat at the feet. We kept the pipe passing
over the sleeper, from one to the other. Meanwhile, upon questioning him
in his broken fashion, Queequeg gave me to understand that, in his
land, owing to the absence of settees and sofas of all sorts, the king,
chiefs, and great people generally, were in the custom of fattening some
of the lower orders for ottomans; and to furnish a house comfortably in
that respect, you had only to buy up eight or ten lazy fellows, and lay
them round in the piers and alcoves. Besides, it was very convenient on
an excursion; much better than those garden-chairs which are convertible
into walking-sticks; upon occasion, a chief calling his attendant, and
desiring him to make a settee of himself under a spreading tree, perhaps
in some damp marshy place.

While narrating these things, every time Queequeg received the tomahawk
from me, he flourished the hatchet-side of it over the sleeper's head.

"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"

"Love Motorsport? Take 60 seconds to sign this Government e-petition! Noise complaints kill motorsport. Insanely... http://t.co/Fuq5Gdzh8D"

He was going on with some wild reminiscences about his tomahawk-pipe,
which, it seemed, had in its two uses both brained his foes and soothed
his soul, when we were directly attracted to the sleeping rigger. The
strong vapour now completely filling the contracted hole, it began
to tell upon him. He breathed with a sort of muffledness; then seemed
troubled in the nose; then revolved over once or twice; then sat up and
rubbed his eyes.

"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" he breathed at last, "Ban on loose #cigarettes raises many questions: Will it increase clandestine sales? Will it encourage smokers wanting to quit to buy packs?"

"I love that "Your item has shipped" email 😩🙌😂" answered I, "We ask you, which is that beauty product that helps you sail through the gloomy winter season? #Wakeup2Makeup"

"I wanna sneak out in the middle of the night and drive to the middle of nowhere and lay on the roof of a car and stare at the stars"

"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"

""I just apparated didn't I?"
"Indeed. Quite successfully, too, I might add. Most people vomit the first time." http://t.co/GxuG9GNa0D"

I was going to ask him some further questions concerning Ahab, when we
heard a noise on deck.

"If there isn't two or more white girls in Starbucks at all times they have to burn the building down...

Starbuck's policy ☕️" said the rigger. "Praying five times a day does not make you pious, it makes you a Muslim. If you don’t pray then ask yourself, what are you?" And so
saying he went on deck, and we followed.

It was now clear sunrise. Soon the crew came on board in twos and
threes; the riggers bestirred themselves; the mates were actively
engaged; and several of the shore people were busy in bringing various
last things on board. Meanwhile Captain Ahab remained invisibly
enshrined within his cabin.



CHAPTER 22. Merry Christmas.


At length, towards noon, upon the final dismissal of the ship's riggers,
and after the Pequod had been hauled out from the wharf, and after the
ever-thoughtful Charity had come off in a whale-boat, with her last
gift--a night-cap for Stubb, the second mate, her brother-in-law, and a
spare Bible for the steward--after all this, the two Captains, Peleg
and Bildad, issued from the cabin, and turning to the chief mate, Peleg
said:

"A Hollywood actor sitting with a paper bag over his head who did nothing as he claims a woman 'raped' him has not been raped. #labeouf"

"tal_peleg's photo http://t.co/zPKkVePNFH awesome !!!" said Bildad,
"Football World Cup 2018 &amp; 2022: Further claims of corruption in bidding process http://t.co/UtbXV4j3Q7 http://t.co/fAnT0mhrMg"

How now! Here upon the very point of starting for the voyage, Captain
Peleg and Captain Bildad were going it with a high hand on the
quarter-deck, just as if they were to be joint-commanders at sea, as
well as to all appearances in port. And, as for Captain Ahab, no sign of
him was yet to be seen; only, they said he was in the cabin. But then,
the idea was, that his presence was by no means necessary in getting the
ship under weigh, and steering her well out to sea. Indeed, as that was
not at all his proper business, but the pilot's; and as he was not
yet completely recovered--so they said--therefore, Captain Ahab stayed
below. And all this seemed natural enough; especially as in the merchant
service many captains never show themselves on deck for a considerable
time after heaving up the anchor, but remain over the cabin table,
having a farewell merry-making with their shore friends, before they
quit the ship for good with the pilot.

But there was not much chance to think over the matter, for Captain
Peleg was now all alive. He seemed to do most of the talking and
commanding, and not Bildad.

"More than half of liberal arts graduates are employed in a job that doesn't require a bachelors degree http://t.co/VXG9eZX8m2" he cried, as the sailors lingered at
the main-mast. "Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"

"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu"--was the next order. As I hinted before, this
whalebone marquee was never pitched except in port; and on board the
Pequod, for thirty years, the order to strike the tent was well known to
be the next thing to heaving up the anchor.

"Mostly we adapt
like wolves in winter
But with big bangs &amp; booms
- the unnatural thunder -
the most accustomed
jump the quickest"--was the next command, and
the crew sprang for the handspikes.

Now in getting under weigh, the station generally occupied by the pilot
is the forward part of the ship. And here Bildad, who, with Peleg, be it
known, in addition to his other officers, was one of the licensed pilots
of the port--he being suspected to have got himself made a pilot in
order to save the Nantucket pilot-fee to all the ships he was concerned
in, for he never piloted any other craft--Bildad, I say, might now
be seen actively engaged in looking over the bows for the approaching
anchor, and at intervals singing what seemed a dismal stave of psalmody,
to cheer the hands at the windlass, who roared forth some sort of
a chorus about the girls in Booble Alley, with hearty good will.
Nevertheless, not three days previous, Bildad had told them that no
profane songs would be allowed on board the Pequod, particularly in
getting under weigh; and Charity, his sister, had placed a small choice
copy of Watts in each seaman's berth.

Meantime, overseeing the other part of the ship, Captain Peleg ripped
and swore astern in the most frightful manner. I almost thought he would
sink the ship before the anchor could be got up; involuntarily I paused
on my handspike, and told Queequeg to do the same, thinking of the
perils we both ran, in starting on the voyage with such a devil for a
pilot. I was comforting myself, however, with the thought that in pious
Bildad might be found some salvation, spite of his seven hundred and
seventy-seventh lay; when I felt a sudden sharp poke in my rear, and
turning round, was horrified at the apparition of Captain Peleg in the
act of withdrawing his leg from my immediate vicinity. That was my first
kick.

"Help locate this service dog, taken in a robbery! Recognize this van? Call: 866-371-TIPS http://t.co/Q8j7D9waqP http://t.co/1KXpjVwQRv" he roared.
"It's Thanksgiving Eve. Sasquatch is loading his magic wheelbarrow with corn for all the good kids, so leave a sheep's head in your mailbox." And so saying, he moved
along the windlass, here and there using his leg very freely, while
imperturbable Bildad kept leading off with his psalmody. Thinks I,
Captain Peleg must have been drinking something to-day.

At last the anchor was up, the sails were set, and off we glided. It
was a short, cold Christmas; and as the short northern day merged into
night, we found ourselves almost broad upon the wintry ocean, whose
freezing spray cased us in ice, as in polished armor. The long rows of
teeth on the bulwarks glistened in the moonlight; and like the white
ivory tusks of some huge elephant, vast curving icicles depended from
the bows.

Lank Bildad, as pilot, headed the first watch, and ever and anon, as the
old craft deep dived into the green seas, and sent the shivering frost
all over her, and the winds howled, and the cordage rang, his steady
notes were heard,--

"What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?

Snowballs."


Never did those sweet words sound more sweetly to me than then. They
were full of hope and fruition. Spite of this frigid winter night in the
boisterous Atlantic, spite of my wet feet and wetter jacket, there was
yet, it then seemed to me, many a pleasant haven in store; and meads
and glades so eternally vernal, that the grass shot up by the spring,
untrodden, unwilted, remains at midsummer.

At last we gained such an offing, that the two pilots were needed
no longer. The stout sail-boat that had accompanied us began ranging
alongside.

It was curious and not unpleasing, how Peleg and Bildad were affected at
this juncture, especially Captain Bildad. For loath to depart, yet;
very loath to leave, for good, a ship bound on so long and perilous a
voyage--beyond both stormy Capes; a ship in which some thousands of
his hard earned dollars were invested; a ship, in which an old shipmate
sailed as captain; a man almost as old as he, once more starting to
encounter all the terrors of the pitiless jaw; loath to say good-bye to
a thing so every way brimful of every interest to him,--poor old Bildad
lingered long; paced the deck with anxious strides; ran down into the
cabin to speak another farewell word there; again came on deck, and
looked to windward; looked towards the wide and endless waters, only
bounded by the far-off unseen Eastern Continents; looked towards
the land; looked aloft; looked right and left; looked everywhere
and nowhere; and at last, mechanically coiling a rope upon its pin,
convulsively grasped stout Peleg by the hand, and holding up a lantern,
for a moment stood gazing heroically in his face, as much as to say,
"Victorian election 2014: An inevitable victory for Labor, but a stunning result nevertheless http://t.co/m1aJjQwwkE"

As for Peleg himself, he took it more like a philosopher; but for all
his philosophy, there was a tear twinkling in his eye, when the lantern
came too near. And he, too, did not a little run from cabin to deck--now
a word below, and now a word with Starbuck, the chief mate.

But, at last, he turned to his comrade, with a final sort of look
about him,--"Always be careful of what you hear about a woman. Rumors either come from a man who can't have her, or a woman who can't compete with her."

"Hands are frozen, but @WWEDanielBryan is keeping me warm!! http://t.co/LlddT6qWrA" murmured old
Bildad, almost incoherently. "I command all spirits of lust, perversion, adultery, fornication to come out of my sexual character in the name of Jesus. #Prayer"

"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes" and with that,
Peleg hurried him over the side, and both dropt into the boat.

Ship and boat diverged; the cold, damp night breeze blew between; a
screaming gull flew overhead; the two hulls wildly rolled; we gave
three heavy-hearted cheers, and blindly plunged like fate into the lone
Atlantic.



CHAPTER 23. The Lee Shore.


Some chapters back, one Bulkington was spoken of, a tall, newlanded
mariner, encountered in New Bedford at the inn.

When on that shivering winter's night, the Pequod thrust her vindictive
bows into the cold malicious waves, who should I see standing at her
helm but Bulkington! I looked with sympathetic awe and fearfulness upon
the man, who in mid-winter just landed from a four years' dangerous
voyage, could so unrestingly push off again for still another
tempestuous term. The land seemed scorching to his feet. Wonderfullest
things are ever the unmentionable; deep memories yield no epitaphs; this
six-inch chapter is the stoneless grave of Bulkington. Let me only say
that it fared with him as with the storm-tossed ship, that miserably
drives along the leeward land. The port would fain give succor; the port
is pitiful; in the port is safety, comfort, hearthstone, supper, warm
blankets, friends, all that's kind to our mortalities. But in that gale,
the port, the land, is that ship's direst jeopardy; she must fly all
hospitality; one touch of land, though it but graze the keel, would make
her shudder through and through. With all her might she crowds all sail
off shore; in so doing, fights 'gainst the very winds that fain would
blow her homeward; seeks all the lashed sea's landlessness again;
for refuge's sake forlornly rushing into peril; her only friend her
bitterest foe!

Know ye now, Bulkington? Glimpses do ye seem to see of that mortally
intolerable truth; that all deep, earnest thinking is but the intrepid
effort of the soul to keep the open independence of her sea; while
the wildest winds of heaven and earth conspire to cast her on the
treacherous, slavish shore?

But as in landlessness alone resides highest truth, shoreless,
indefinite as God--so, better is it to perish in that howling infinite,
than be ingloriously dashed upon the lee, even if that were safety!
For worm-like, then, oh! who would craven crawl to land! Terrors of
the terrible! is all this agony so vain? Take heart, take heart,
O Bulkington! Bear thee grimly, demigod! Up from the spray of thy
ocean-perishing--straight up, leaps thy apotheosis!



CHAPTER 24. The Advocate.


As Queequeg and I are now fairly embarked in this business of whaling;
and as this business of whaling has somehow come to be regarded among
landsmen as a rather unpoetical and disreputable pursuit; therefore, I
am all anxiety to convince ye, ye landsmen, of the injustice hereby done
to us hunters of whales.

In the first place, it may be deemed almost superfluous to establish
the fact, that among people at large, the business of whaling is not
accounted on a level with what are called the liberal professions. If a
stranger were introduced into any miscellaneous metropolitan society,
it would but slightly advance the general opinion of his merits, were
he presented to the company as a harpooneer, say; and if in emulation
of the naval officers he should append the initials S.W.F. (Sperm
Whale Fishery) to his visiting card, such a procedure would be deemed
pre-eminently presuming and ridiculous.

Doubtless one leading reason why the world declines honouring us
whalemen, is this: they think that, at best, our vocation amounts to a
butchering sort of business; and that when actively engaged therein, we
are surrounded by all manner of defilements. Butchers we are, that is
true. But butchers, also, and butchers of the bloodiest badge have been
all Martial Commanders whom the world invariably delights to honour. And
as for the matter of the alleged uncleanliness of our business, ye shall
soon be initiated into certain facts hitherto pretty generally unknown,
and which, upon the whole, will triumphantly plant the sperm whale-ship
at least among the cleanliest things of this tidy earth. But even
granting the charge in question to be true; what disordered slippery
decks of a whale-ship are comparable to the unspeakable carrion of those
battle-fields from which so many soldiers return to drink in all ladies'
plaudits? And if the idea of peril so much enhances the popular conceit
of the soldier's profession; let me assure ye that many a veteran
who has freely marched up to a battery, would quickly recoil at the
apparition of the sperm whale's vast tail, fanning into eddies the air
over his head. For what are the comprehensible terrors of man compared
with the interlinked terrors and wonders of God!

But, though the world scouts at us whale hunters, yet does it
unwittingly pay us the profoundest homage; yea, an all-abounding
adoration! for almost all the tapers, lamps, and candles that burn round
the globe, burn, as before so many shrines, to our glory!

But look at this matter in other lights; weigh it in all sorts of
scales; see what we whalemen are, and have been.

Why did the Dutch in De Witt's time have admirals of their whaling
fleets? Why did Louis XVI. of France, at his own personal expense, fit
out whaling ships from Dunkirk, and politely invite to that town some
score or two of families from our own island of Nantucket? Why did
Britain between the years 1750 and 1788 pay to her whalemen in bounties
upwards of L1,000,000? And lastly, how comes it that we whalemen of
America now outnumber all the rest of the banded whalemen in the world;
sail a navy of upwards of seven hundred vessels; manned by eighteen
thousand men; yearly consuming 4,000,000 of dollars; the ships worth,
at the time of sailing, $20,000,000! and every year importing into our
harbors a well reaped harvest of $7,000,000. How comes all this, if
there be not something puissant in whaling?

But this is not the half; look again.

I freely assert, that the cosmopolite philosopher cannot, for his life,
point out one single peaceful influence, which within the last sixty
years has operated more potentially upon the whole broad world, taken in
one aggregate, than the high and mighty business of whaling. One way
and another, it has begotten events so remarkable in themselves, and so
continuously momentous in their sequential issues, that whaling may
well be regarded as that Egyptian mother, who bore offspring themselves
pregnant from her womb. It would be a hopeless, endless task to
catalogue all these things. Let a handful suffice. For many years past
the whale-ship has been the pioneer in ferreting out the remotest and
least known parts of the earth. She has explored seas and archipelagoes
which had no chart, where no Cook or Vancouver had ever sailed. If
American and European men-of-war now peacefully ride in once savage
harbors, let them fire salutes to the honour and glory of the
whale-ship, which originally showed them the way, and first interpreted
between them and the savages. They may celebrate as they will the heroes
of Exploring Expeditions, your Cooks, your Krusensterns; but I say that
scores of anonymous Captains have sailed out of Nantucket, that were
as great, and greater than your Cook and your Krusenstern. For in their
succourless empty-handedness, they, in the heathenish sharked waters,
and by the beaches of unrecorded, javelin islands, battled with virgin
wonders and terrors that Cook with all his marines and muskets would
not willingly have dared. All that is made such a flourish of in the old
South Sea Voyages, those things were but the life-time commonplaces of
our heroic Nantucketers. Often, adventures which Vancouver dedicates
three chapters to, these men accounted unworthy of being set down in the
ship's common log. Ah, the world! Oh, the world!

Until the whale fishery rounded Cape Horn, no commerce but colonial,
scarcely any intercourse but colonial, was carried on between Europe and
the long line of the opulent Spanish provinces on the Pacific coast.
It was the whaleman who first broke through the jealous policy of the
Spanish crown, touching those colonies; and, if space permitted, it
might be distinctly shown how from those whalemen at last eventuated the
liberation of Peru, Chili, and Bolivia from the yoke of Old Spain, and
the establishment of the eternal democracy in those parts.

That great America on the other side of the sphere, Australia, was given
to the enlightened world by the whaleman. After its first blunder-born
discovery by a Dutchman, all other ships long shunned those shores
as pestiferously barbarous; but the whale-ship touched there. The
whale-ship is the true mother of that now mighty colony. Moreover,
in the infancy of the first Australian settlement, the emigrants were
several times saved from starvation by the benevolent biscuit of the
whale-ship luckily dropping an anchor in their waters. The uncounted
isles of all Polynesia confess the same truth, and do commercial homage
to the whale-ship, that cleared the way for the missionary and the
merchant, and in many cases carried the primitive missionaries to their
first destinations. If that double-bolted land, Japan, is ever to become
hospitable, it is the whale-ship alone to whom the credit will be due;
for already she is on the threshold.

But if, in the face of all this, you still declare that whaling has no
aesthetically noble associations connected with it, then am I ready to
shiver fifty lances with you there, and unhorse you with a split helmet
every time.

The whale has no famous author, and whaling no famous chronicler, you
will say.

THE WHALE NO FAMOUS AUTHOR, AND WHALING NO FAMOUS CHRONICLER? Who wrote
the first account of our Leviathan? Who but mighty Job! And who composed
the first narrative of a whaling-voyage? Who, but no less a prince than
Alfred the Great, who, with his own royal pen, took down the words from
Other, the Norwegian whale-hunter of those times! And who pronounced our
glowing eulogy in Parliament? Who, but Edmund Burke!

True enough, but then whalemen themselves are poor devils; they have no
good blood in their veins.

NO GOOD BLOOD IN THEIR VEINS? They have something better than royal
blood there. The grandmother of Benjamin Franklin was Mary Morrel;
afterwards, by marriage, Mary Folger, one of the old settlers
of Nantucket, and the ancestress to a long line of Folgers and
harpooneers--all kith and kin to noble Benjamin--this day darting the
barbed iron from one side of the world to the other.

Good again; but then all confess that somehow whaling is not
respectable.

WHALING NOT RESPECTABLE? Whaling is imperial! By old English statutory
law, the whale is declared "WHEN YOU THINK YOU LOOK FRESH BUT YOUR FISH DISAGREES 
http://t.co/0n0xrOUDau"*

Oh, that's only nominal! The whale himself has never figured in any
grand imposing way.

THE WHALE NEVER FIGURED IN ANY GRAND IMPOSING WAY? In one of the mighty
triumphs given to a Roman general upon his entering the world's capital,
the bones of a whale, brought all the way from the Syrian coast, were
the most conspicuous object in the cymballed procession.*


*See subsequent chapters for something more on this head.


Grant it, since you cite it; but, say what you will, there is no real
dignity in whaling.

NO DIGNITY IN WHALING? The dignity of our calling the very heavens
attest. Cetus is a constellation in the South! No more! Drive down your
hat in presence of the Czar, and take it off to Queequeg! No more! I
know a man that, in his lifetime, has taken three hundred and fifty
whales. I account that man more honourable than that great captain of
antiquity who boasted of taking as many walled towns.

And, as for me, if, by any possibility, there be any as yet undiscovered
prime thing in me; if I shall ever deserve any real repute in that small
but high hushed world which I might not be unreasonably ambitious of; if
hereafter I shall do anything that, upon the whole, a man might rather
have done than to have left undone; if, at my death, my executors, or
more properly my creditors, find any precious MSS. in my desk, then here
I prospectively ascribe all the honour and the glory to whaling; for a
whale-ship was my Yale College and my Harvard.



CHAPTER 25. Postscript.


In behalf of the dignity of whaling, I would fain advance naught but
substantiated facts. But after embattling his facts, an advocate who
should wholly suppress a not unreasonable surmise, which might
tell eloquently upon his cause--such an advocate, would he not be
blameworthy?

It is well known that at the coronation of kings and queens, even modern
ones, a certain curious process of seasoning them for their functions is
gone through. There is a saltcellar of state, so called, and there
may be a castor of state. How they use the salt, precisely--who knows?
Certain I am, however, that a king's head is solemnly oiled at his
coronation, even as a head of salad. Can it be, though, that they
anoint it with a view of making its interior run well, as they anoint
machinery? Much might be ruminated here, concerning the essential
dignity of this regal process, because in common life we esteem but
meanly and contemptibly a fellow who anoints his hair, and palpably
smells of that anointing. In truth, a mature man who uses hair-oil,
unless medicinally, that man has probably got a quoggy spot in him
somewhere. As a general rule, he can't amount to much in his totality.

But the only thing to be considered here, is this--what kind of oil is
used at coronations? Certainly it cannot be olive oil, nor macassar oil,
nor castor oil, nor bear's oil, nor train oil, nor cod-liver oil. What
then can it possibly be, but sperm oil in its unmanufactured, unpolluted
state, the sweetest of all oils?

Think of that, ye loyal Britons! we whalemen supply your kings and
queens with coronation stuff!



CHAPTER 26. Knights and Squires.


The chief mate of the Pequod was Starbuck, a native of Nantucket, and a
Quaker by descent. He was a long, earnest man, and though born on an icy
coast, seemed well adapted to endure hot latitudes, his flesh being hard
as twice-baked biscuit. Transported to the Indies, his live blood would
not spoil like bottled ale. He must have been born in some time of
general drought and famine, or upon one of those fast days for which
his state is famous. Only some thirty arid summers had he seen; those
summers had dried up all his physical superfluousness. But this, his
thinness, so to speak, seemed no more the token of wasting anxieties and
cares, than it seemed the indication of any bodily blight. It was merely
the condensation of the man. He was by no means ill-looking; quite the
contrary. His pure tight skin was an excellent fit; and closely wrapped
up in it, and embalmed with inner health and strength, like a revivified
Egyptian, this Starbuck seemed prepared to endure for long ages to come,
and to endure always, as now; for be it Polar snow or torrid sun, like
a patent chronometer, his interior vitality was warranted to do well
in all climates. Looking into his eyes, you seemed to see there the yet
lingering images of those thousand-fold perils he had calmly confronted
through life. A staid, steadfast man, whose life for the most part was a
telling pantomime of action, and not a tame chapter of sounds. Yet, for
all his hardy sobriety and fortitude, there were certain qualities
in him which at times affected, and in some cases seemed well nigh to
overbalance all the rest. Uncommonly conscientious for a seaman, and
endued with a deep natural reverence, the wild watery loneliness of his
life did therefore strongly incline him to superstition; but to that
sort of superstition, which in some organizations seems rather to
spring, somehow, from intelligence than from ignorance. Outward portents
and inward presentiments were his. And if at times these things bent the
welded iron of his soul, much more did his far-away domestic memories
of his young Cape wife and child, tend to bend him still more from the
original ruggedness of his nature, and open him still further to those
latent influences which, in some honest-hearted men, restrain the gush
of dare-devil daring, so often evinced by others in the more perilous
vicissitudes of the fishery. "What do you do with a sick boat?

Take it to the dock." said
Starbuck, "Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip" By this, he seemed to mean,
not only that the most reliable and useful courage was that which arises
from the fair estimation of the encountered peril, but that an utterly
fearless man is a far more dangerous comrade than a coward.

""Aye what kind of phone you got?" That TracPhone 5 http://t.co/xyzLO6lYPI”" said Stubb, the second mate, "Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y" But we shall ere long
see what that word "When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares." precisely means when used by a man like
Stubb, or almost any other whale hunter.

Starbuck was no crusader after perils; in him courage was not a
sentiment; but a thing simply useful to him, and always at hand upon all
mortally practical occasions. Besides, he thought, perhaps, that in this
business of whaling, courage was one of the great staple outfits of
the ship, like her beef and her bread, and not to be foolishly wasted.
Wherefore he had no fancy for lowering for whales after sun-down; nor
for persisting in fighting a fish that too much persisted in fighting
him. For, thought Starbuck, I am here in this critical ocean to kill
whales for my living, and not to be killed by them for theirs; and that
hundreds of men had been so killed Starbuck well knew. What doom was
his own father's? Where, in the bottomless deeps, could he find the torn
limbs of his brother?

With memories like these in him, and, moreover, given to a certain
superstitiousness, as has been said; the courage of this Starbuck which
could, nevertheless, still flourish, must indeed have been extreme. But
it was not in reasonable nature that a man so organized, and with such
terrible experiences and remembrances as he had; it was not in nature
that these things should fail in latently engendering an element in
him, which, under suitable circumstances, would break out from its
confinement, and burn all his courage up. And brave as he might be, it
was that sort of bravery chiefly, visible in some intrepid men, which,
while generally abiding firm in the conflict with seas, or winds, or
whales, or any of the ordinary irrational horrors of the world, yet
cannot withstand those more terrific, because more spiritual terrors,
which sometimes menace you from the concentrating brow of an enraged and
mighty man.

But were the coming narrative to reveal in any instance, the complete
abasement of poor Starbuck's fortitude, scarce might I have the heart to
write it; for it is a thing most sorrowful, nay shocking, to expose
the fall of valour in the soul. Men may seem detestable as joint
stock-companies and nations; knaves, fools, and murderers there may be;
men may have mean and meagre faces; but man, in the ideal, is so noble
and so sparkling, such a grand and glowing creature, that over any
ignominious blemish in him all his fellows should run to throw their
costliest robes. That immaculate manliness we feel within ourselves,
so far within us, that it remains intact though all the outer character
seem gone; bleeds with keenest anguish at the undraped spectacle of
a valor-ruined man. Nor can piety itself, at such a shameful sight,
completely stifle her upbraidings against the permitting stars. But this
august dignity I treat of, is not the dignity of kings and robes, but
that abounding dignity which has no robed investiture. Thou shalt see it
shining in the arm that wields a pick or drives a spike; that democratic
dignity which, on all hands, radiates without end from God; Himself! The
great God absolute! The centre and circumference of all democracy! His
omnipresence, our divine equality!

If, then, to meanest mariners, and renegades and castaways, I shall
hereafter ascribe high qualities, though dark; weave round them tragic
graces; if even the most mournful, perchance the most abased, among them
all, shall at times lift himself to the exalted mounts; if I shall touch
that workman's arm with some ethereal light; if I shall spread a rainbow
over his disastrous set of sun; then against all mortal critics bear
me out in it, thou Just Spirit of Equality, which hast spread one royal
mantle of humanity over all my kind! Bear me out in it, thou great
democratic God! who didst not refuse to the swart convict, Bunyan, the
pale, poetic pearl; Thou who didst clothe with doubly hammered leaves
of finest gold, the stumped and paupered arm of old Cervantes; Thou who
didst pick up Andrew Jackson from the pebbles; who didst hurl him upon a
war-horse; who didst thunder him higher than a throne! Thou who, in all
Thy mighty, earthly marchings, ever cullest Thy selectest champions from
the kingly commons; bear me out in it, O God!



CHAPTER 27. Knights and Squires.


Stubb was the second mate. He was a native of Cape Cod; and hence,
according to local usage, was called a Cape-Cod-man. A happy-go-lucky;
neither craven nor valiant; taking perils as they came with an
indifferent air; and while engaged in the most imminent crisis of the
chase, toiling away, calm and collected as a journeyman joiner engaged
for the year. Good-humored, easy, and careless, he presided over his
whale-boat as if the most deadly encounter were but a dinner, and his
crew all invited guests. He was as particular about the comfortable
arrangement of his part of the boat, as an old stage-driver is about the
snugness of his box. When close to the whale, in the very death-lock of
the fight, he handled his unpitying lance coolly and off-handedly, as
a whistling tinker his hammer. He would hum over his old rigadig tunes
while flank and flank with the most exasperated monster. Long usage had,
for this Stubb, converted the jaws of death into an easy chair. What he
thought of death itself, there is no telling. Whether he ever thought of
it at all, might be a question; but, if he ever did chance to cast his
mind that way after a comfortable dinner, no doubt, like a good sailor,
he took it to be a sort of call of the watch to tumble aloft, and bestir
themselves there, about something which he would find out when he obeyed
the order, and not sooner.

What, perhaps, with other things, made Stubb such an easy-going,
unfearing man, so cheerily trudging off with the burden of life in a
world full of grave pedlars, all bowed to the ground with their packs;
what helped to bring about that almost impious good-humor of his; that
thing must have been his pipe. For, like his nose, his short, black
little pipe was one of the regular features of his face. You would
almost as soon have expected him to turn out of his bunk without his
nose as without his pipe. He kept a whole row of pipes there ready
loaded, stuck in a rack, within easy reach of his hand; and, whenever he
turned in, he smoked them all out in succession, lighting one from
the other to the end of the chapter; then loading them again to be in
readiness anew. For, when Stubb dressed, instead of first putting his
legs into his trowsers, he put his pipe into his mouth.

I say this continual smoking must have been one cause, at least, of his
peculiar disposition; for every one knows that this earthly air, whether
ashore or afloat, is terribly infected with the nameless miseries of
the numberless mortals who have died exhaling it; and as in time of the
cholera, some people go about with a camphorated handkerchief to their
mouths; so, likewise, against all mortal tribulations, Stubb's tobacco
smoke might have operated as a sort of disinfecting agent.

The third mate was Flask, a native of Tisbury, in Martha's Vineyard. A
short, stout, ruddy young fellow, very pugnacious concerning whales,
who somehow seemed to think that the great leviathans had personally
and hereditarily affronted him; and therefore it was a sort of point of
honour with him, to destroy them whenever encountered. So utterly lost
was he to all sense of reverence for the many marvels of their majestic
bulk and mystic ways; and so dead to anything like an apprehension of
any possible danger from encountering them; that in his poor opinion,
the wondrous whale was but a species of magnified mouse, or at least
water-rat, requiring only a little circumvention and some small
application of time and trouble in order to kill and boil. This
ignorant, unconscious fearlessness of his made him a little waggish in
the matter of whales; he followed these fish for the fun of it; and a
three years' voyage round Cape Horn was only a jolly joke that lasted
that length of time. As a carpenter's nails are divided into wrought
nails and cut nails; so mankind may be similarly divided. Little Flask
was one of the wrought ones; made to clinch tight and last long. They
called him King-Post on board of the Pequod; because, in form, he could
be well likened to the short, square timber known by that name in Arctic
whalers; and which by the means of many radiating side timbers inserted
into it, serves to brace the ship against the icy concussions of those
battering seas.

Now these three mates--Starbuck, Stubb, and Flask, were momentous
men. They it was who by universal prescription commanded three of the
Pequod's boats as headsmen. In that grand order of battle in which
Captain Ahab would probably marshal his forces to descend on the whales,
these three headsmen were as captains of companies. Or, being armed with
their long keen whaling spears, they were as a picked trio of lancers;
even as the harpooneers were flingers of javelins.

And since in this famous fishery, each mate or headsman, like a Gothic
Knight of old, is always accompanied by his boat-steerer or harpooneer,
who in certain conjunctures provides him with a fresh lance, when
the former one has been badly twisted, or elbowed in the assault; and
moreover, as there generally subsists between the two, a close intimacy
and friendliness; it is therefore but meet, that in this place we set
down who the Pequod's harpooneers were, and to what headsman each of
them belonged.

First of all was Queequeg, whom Starbuck, the chief mate, had selected
for his squire. But Queequeg is already known.

Next was Tashtego, an unmixed Indian from Gay Head, the most westerly
promontory of Martha's Vineyard, where there still exists the last
remnant of a village of red men, which has long supplied the neighboring
island of Nantucket with many of her most daring harpooneers. In the
fishery, they usually go by the generic name of Gay-Headers. Tashtego's
long, lean, sable hair, his high cheek bones, and black rounding
eyes--for an Indian, Oriental in their largeness, but Antarctic in their
glittering expression--all this sufficiently proclaimed him an inheritor
of the unvitiated blood of those proud warrior hunters, who, in quest
of the great New England moose, had scoured, bow in hand, the aboriginal
forests of the main. But no longer snuffing in the trail of the wild
beasts of the woodland, Tashtego now hunted in the wake of the great
whales of the sea; the unerring harpoon of the son fitly replacing the
infallible arrow of the sires. To look at the tawny brawn of his lithe
snaky limbs, you would almost have credited the superstitions of some of
the earlier Puritans, and half-believed this wild Indian to be a son
of the Prince of the Powers of the Air. Tashtego was Stubb the second
mate's squire.

Third among the harpooneers was Daggoo, a gigantic, coal-black
negro-savage, with a lion-like tread--an Ahasuerus to behold. Suspended
from his ears were two golden hoops, so large that the sailors called
them ring-bolts, and would talk of securing the top-sail halyards to
them. In his youth Daggoo had voluntarily shipped on board of a whaler,
lying in a lonely bay on his native coast. And never having been
anywhere in the world but in Africa, Nantucket, and the pagan harbors
most frequented by whalemen; and having now led for many years the bold
life of the fishery in the ships of owners uncommonly heedful of what
manner of men they shipped; Daggoo retained all his barbaric virtues,
and erect as a giraffe, moved about the decks in all the pomp of six
feet five in his socks. There was a corporeal humility in looking up at
him; and a white man standing before him seemed a white flag come to
beg truce of a fortress. Curious to tell, this imperial negro, Ahasuerus
Daggoo, was the Squire of little Flask, who looked like a chess-man
beside him. As for the residue of the Pequod's company, be it said, that
at the present day not one in two of the many thousand men before the
mast employed in the American whale fishery, are Americans born, though
pretty nearly all the officers are. Herein it is the same with the
American whale fishery as with the American army and military and
merchant navies, and the engineering forces employed in the construction
of the American Canals and Railroads. The same, I say, because in all
these cases the native American liberally provides the brains, the rest
of the world as generously supplying the muscles. No small number of
these whaling seamen belong to the Azores, where the outward bound
Nantucket whalers frequently touch to augment their crews from the hardy
peasants of those rocky shores. In like manner, the Greenland whalers
sailing out of Hull or London, put in at the Shetland Islands, to
receive the full complement of their crew. Upon the passage homewards,
they drop them there again. How it is, there is no telling, but
Islanders seem to make the best whalemen. They were nearly all Islanders
in the Pequod, ISOLATOES too, I call such, not acknowledging the common
continent of men, but each ISOLATO living on a separate continent of his
own. Yet now, federated along one keel, what a set these Isolatoes were!
An Anacharsis Clootz deputation from all the isles of the sea, and all
the ends of the earth, accompanying Old Ahab in the Pequod to lay the
world's grievances before that bar from which not very many of them ever
come back. Black Little Pip--he never did--oh, no! he went before. Poor
Alabama boy! On the grim Pequod's forecastle, ye shall ere long see him,
beating his tambourine; prelusive of the eternal time, when sent for,
to the great quarter-deck on high, he was bid strike in with angels, and
beat his tambourine in glory; called a coward here, hailed a hero there!



CHAPTER 28. Ahab.


For several days after leaving Nantucket, nothing above hatches was seen
of Captain Ahab. The mates regularly relieved each other at the watches,
and for aught that could be seen to the contrary, they seemed to be the
only commanders of the ship; only they sometimes issued from the cabin
with orders so sudden and peremptory, that after all it was plain they
but commanded vicariously. Yes, their supreme lord and dictator was
there, though hitherto unseen by any eyes not permitted to penetrate
into the now sacred retreat of the cabin.

Every time I ascended to the deck from my watches below, I instantly
gazed aft to mark if any strange face were visible; for my first vague
disquietude touching the unknown captain, now in the seclusion of the
sea, became almost a perturbation. This was strangely heightened
at times by the ragged Elijah's diabolical incoherences uninvitedly
recurring to me, with a subtle energy I could not have before conceived
of. But poorly could I withstand them, much as in other moods I was
almost ready to smile at the solemn whimsicalities of that outlandish
prophet of the wharves. But whatever it was of apprehensiveness or
uneasiness--to call it so--which I felt, yet whenever I came to look
about me in the ship, it seemed against all warrantry to cherish such
emotions. For though the harpooneers, with the great body of the crew,
were a far more barbaric, heathenish, and motley set than any of the
tame merchant-ship companies which my previous experiences had made me
acquainted with, still I ascribed this--and rightly ascribed it--to the
fierce uniqueness of the very nature of that wild Scandinavian vocation
in which I had so abandonedly embarked. But it was especially the aspect
of the three chief officers of the ship, the mates, which was most
forcibly calculated to allay these colourless misgivings, and induce
confidence and cheerfulness in every presentment of the voyage. Three
better, more likely sea-officers and men, each in his own different way,
could not readily be found, and they were every one of them Americans; a
Nantucketer, a Vineyarder, a Cape man. Now, it being Christmas when the
ship shot from out her harbor, for a space we had biting Polar weather,
though all the time running away from it to the southward; and by every
degree and minute of latitude which we sailed, gradually leaving that
merciless winter, and all its intolerable weather behind us. It was one
of those less lowering, but still grey and gloomy enough mornings of the
transition, when with a fair wind the ship was rushing through the water
with a vindictive sort of leaping and melancholy rapidity, that as I
mounted to the deck at the call of the forenoon watch, so soon as I
levelled my glance towards the taffrail, foreboding shivers ran over me.
Reality outran apprehension; Captain Ahab stood upon his quarter-deck.

There seemed no sign of common bodily illness about him, nor of the
recovery from any. He looked like a man cut away from the stake, when
the fire has overrunningly wasted all the limbs without consuming them,
or taking away one particle from their compacted aged robustness. His
whole high, broad form, seemed made of solid bronze, and shaped in an
unalterable mould, like Cellini's cast Perseus. Threading its way out
from among his grey hairs, and continuing right down one side of his
tawny scorched face and neck, till it disappeared in his clothing,
you saw a slender rod-like mark, lividly whitish. It resembled that
perpendicular seam sometimes made in the straight, lofty trunk of
a great tree, when the upper lightning tearingly darts down it, and
without wrenching a single twig, peels and grooves out the bark from top
to bottom, ere running off into the soil, leaving the tree still greenly
alive, but branded. Whether that mark was born with him, or whether it
was the scar left by some desperate wound, no one could certainly say.
By some tacit consent, throughout the voyage little or no allusion was
made to it, especially by the mates. But once Tashtego's senior, an old
Gay-Head Indian among the crew, superstitiously asserted that not till
he was full forty years old did Ahab become that way branded, and
then it came upon him, not in the fury of any mortal fray, but in
an elemental strife at sea. Yet, this wild hint seemed inferentially
negatived, by what a grey Manxman insinuated, an old sepulchral man,
who, having never before sailed out of Nantucket, had never ere this
laid eye upon wild Ahab. Nevertheless, the old sea-traditions, the
immemorial credulities, popularly invested this old Manxman with
preternatural powers of discernment. So that no white sailor seriously
contradicted him when he said that if ever Captain Ahab should
be tranquilly laid out--which might hardly come to pass, so he
muttered--then, whoever should do that last office for the dead, would
find a birth-mark on him from crown to sole.

So powerfully did the whole grim aspect of Ahab affect me, and the livid
brand which streaked it, that for the first few moments I hardly noted
that not a little of this overbearing grimness was owing to the barbaric
white leg upon which he partly stood. It had previously come to me that
this ivory leg had at sea been fashioned from the polished bone of
the sperm whale's jaw. "Issh flies to Japan tomorrow to join the other Toppo Top Girl winners from other countries! Have fun! ✈️ http://t.co/fLWqh0to7y" said the old
Gay-Head Indian once; "Drawings without lifting the pencil from the paper, amazing http://t.co/uRX6jEhGHL"

I was struck with the singular posture he maintained. Upon each side of
the Pequod's quarter deck, and pretty close to the mizzen shrouds, there
was an auger hole, bored about half an inch or so, into the plank.
His bone leg steadied in that hole; one arm elevated, and holding by a
shroud; Captain Ahab stood erect, looking straight out beyond the
ship's ever-pitching prow. There was an infinity of firmest fortitude,
a determinate, unsurrenderable wilfulness, in the fixed and fearless,
forward dedication of that glance. Not a word he spoke; nor did his
officers say aught to him; though by all their minutest gestures
and expressions, they plainly showed the uneasy, if not painful,
consciousness of being under a troubled master-eye. And not only that,
but moody stricken Ahab stood before them with a crucifixion in his
face; in all the nameless regal overbearing dignity of some mighty woe.

Ere long, from his first visit in the air, he withdrew into his cabin.
But after that morning, he was every day visible to the crew; either
standing in his pivot-hole, or seated upon an ivory stool he had; or
heavily walking the deck. As the sky grew less gloomy; indeed, began to
grow a little genial, he became still less and less a recluse; as
if, when the ship had sailed from home, nothing but the dead wintry
bleakness of the sea had then kept him so secluded. And, by and by, it
came to pass, that he was almost continually in the air; but, as yet,
for all that he said, or perceptibly did, on the at last sunny deck,
he seemed as unnecessary there as another mast. But the Pequod was
only making a passage now; not regularly cruising; nearly all whaling
preparatives needing supervision the mates were fully competent to, so
that there was little or nothing, out of himself, to employ or excite
Ahab, now; and thus chase away, for that one interval, the clouds that
layer upon layer were piled upon his brow, as ever all clouds choose the
loftiest peaks to pile themselves upon.

Nevertheless, ere long, the warm, warbling persuasiveness of the
pleasant, holiday weather we came to, seemed gradually to charm him from
his mood. For, as when the red-cheeked, dancing girls, April and May,
trip home to the wintry, misanthropic woods; even the barest, ruggedest,
most thunder-cloven old oak will at least send forth some few green
sprouts, to welcome such glad-hearted visitants; so Ahab did, in the
end, a little respond to the playful allurings of that girlish air. More
than once did he put forth the faint blossom of a look, which, in any
other man, would have soon flowered out in a smile.



CHAPTER 29. Enter Ahab; to Him, Stubb.


Some days elapsed, and ice and icebergs all astern, the Pequod now
went rolling through the bright Quito spring, which, at sea, almost
perpetually reigns on the threshold of the eternal August of the Tropic.
The warmly cool, clear, ringing, perfumed, overflowing, redundant days,
were as crystal goblets of Persian sherbet, heaped up--flaked up, with
rose-water snow. The starred and stately nights seemed haughty dames in
jewelled velvets, nursing at home in lonely pride, the memory of their
absent conquering Earls, the golden helmeted suns! For sleeping man,
'twas hard to choose between such winsome days and such seducing nights.
But all the witcheries of that unwaning weather did not merely lend new
spells and potencies to the outward world. Inward they turned upon the
soul, especially when the still mild hours of eve came on; then, memory
shot her crystals as the clear ice most forms of noiseless twilights.
And all these subtle agencies, more and more they wrought on Ahab's
texture.

Old age is always wakeful; as if, the longer linked with life, the less
man has to do with aught that looks like death. Among sea-commanders,
the old greybeards will oftenest leave their berths to visit the
night-cloaked deck. It was so with Ahab; only that now, of late, he
seemed so much to live in the open air, that truly speaking, his visits
were more to the cabin, than from the cabin to the planks. "Images from a tomb in Greece thought to contain the some of the remains of Alexander the Great's family #r4today http://t.co/KHrTi3hyqw"--he would mutter to himself--"This is what a cloud of butterflies descending upon the Tucavaca Valley in eastern Bolivia look like. http://t.co/sTFOwGV0fW"

So, almost every twenty-four hours, when the watches of the night were
set, and the band on deck sentinelled the slumbers of the band below;
and when if a rope was to be hauled upon the forecastle, the sailors
flung it not rudely down, as by day, but with some cautiousness dropt
it to its place for fear of disturbing their slumbering shipmates; when
this sort of steady quietude would begin to prevail, habitually, the
silent steersman would watch the cabin-scuttle; and ere long the old man
would emerge, gripping at the iron banister, to help his crippled way.
Some considering touch of humanity was in him; for at times like these,
he usually abstained from patrolling the quarter-deck; because to his
wearied mates, seeking repose within six inches of his ivory heel, such
would have been the reverberating crack and din of that bony step, that
their dreams would have been on the crunching teeth of sharks. But once,
the mood was on him too deep for common regardings; and as with heavy,
lumber-like pace he was measuring the ship from taffrail to mainmast,
Stubb, the old second mate, came up from below, with a certain
unassured, deprecating humorousness, hinted that if Captain Ahab was
pleased to walk the planks, then, no one could say nay; but there might
be some way of muffling the noise; hinting something indistinctly and
hesitatingly about a globe of tow, and the insertion into it, of the
ivory heel. Ah! Stubb, thou didst not know Ahab then.

"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU" said Ahab, "It all comes down to the last person you think of at night. They have your heart."

Starting at the unforseen concluding exclamation of the so suddenly
scornful old man, Stubb was speechless a moment; then said excitedly, "Imagine reading a book of every conversation where people have spoken about you"

"This is what true temptation looks like http://t.co/icaY6my44V"No, sir; not yet,"Hey @bassem_masri and @therealjosh95 - glad to hear you are both out! 

Stay strong, my friends. I know you're both emboldened."I will not tamely be called
a dog, sir."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Then be called ten times a donkey, and a mule, and an ass, and begone,
or I'll clear the world of thee!"it feels weird to burp bc I don't know how. So when it happens it startles me..Like right. Now. I just burped involuntarily😮💭"I was never served so before without giving a hard blow for it,"This is what a cloud of butterflies descending upon the Tucavaca Valley in eastern Bolivia look like. http://t.co/sTFOwGV0fW"It's
very queer. Stop, Stubb; somehow, now, I don't well know whether to go
back and strike him, or--what's that?--down here on my knees and pray
for him? Yes, that was the thought coming up in me; but it would be the
first time I ever DID pray. It's queer; very queer; and he's queer too;
aye, take him fore and aft, he's about the queerest old man Stubb ever
sailed with. How he flashed at me!--his eyes like powder-pans! is he
mad? Anyway there's something on his mind, as sure as there must be
something on a deck when it cracks. He aint in his bed now, either, more
than three hours out of the twenty-four; and he don't sleep then. Didn't
that Dough-Boy, the steward, tell me that of a morning he always finds
the old man's hammock clothes all rumpled and tumbled, and the sheets
down at the foot, and the coverlid almost tied into knots, and the
pillow a sort of frightful hot, as though a baked brick had been on
it? A hot old man! I guess he's got what some folks ashore call
a conscience; it's a kind of Tic-Dolly-row they say--worse nor a
toothache. Well, well; I don't know what it is, but the Lord keep me
from catching it. He's full of riddles; I wonder what he goes into the
after hold for, every night, as Dough-Boy tells me he suspects; what's
that for, I should like to know? Who's made appointments with him in
the hold? Ain't that queer, now? But there's no telling, it's the old
game--Here goes for a snooze. Damn me, it's worth a fellow's while to be
born into the world, if only to fall right asleep. And now that I think
of it, that's about the first thing babies do, and that's a sort of
queer, too. Damn me, but all things are queer, come to think of 'em. But
that's against my principles. Think not, is my eleventh commandment; and
sleep when you can, is my twelfth--So here goes again. But how's that?
didn't he call me a dog? blazes! he called me ten times a donkey, and
piled a lot of jackasses on top of THAT! He might as well have kicked
me, and done with it. Maybe he DID kick me, and I didn't observe it,
I was so taken all aback with his brow, somehow. It flashed like a
bleached bone. What the devil's the matter with me? I don't stand right
on my legs. Coming afoul of that old man has a sort of turned me wrong
side out. By the Lord, I must have been dreaming, though--How? how?
how?--but the only way's to stash it; so here goes to hammock again;
and in the morning, I'll see how this plaguey juggling thinks over by
daylight."Jihad an-nafs jihad akbar, Fighting the soul is the greatest Jihad? This Hadith is fabricated so stop repeating it. And it contradicts Q4:95"How
now,"There was confusion in Harare, Zimbabwe in late November 2014 when several people claimed they saw a snake withdrawing money from an ATM."this smoking no
longer soothes. Oh, my pipe! hard must it go with me if thy charm be
gone! Here have I been unconsciously toiling, not pleasuring--aye, and
ignorantly smoking to windward all the while; to windward, and with
such nervous whiffs, as if, like the dying whale, my final jets were the
strongest and fullest of trouble. What business have I with this pipe?
This thing that is meant for sereneness, to send up mild white vapours
among mild white hairs, not among torn iron-grey locks like mine. I'll
smoke no more--"Calum walks so funny he's all slouched over and he thinks he's so gangsta learn how to walk straight"Such a queer dream, King-Post, I never had. You know the old man's
ivory leg, well I dreamed he kicked me with it; and when I tried to kick
back, upon my soul, my little man, I kicked my leg right off! And then,
presto! Ahab seemed a pyramid, and I, like a blazing fool, kept kicking
at it. But what was still more curious, Flask--you know how curious all
dreams are--through all this rage that I was in, I somehow seemed to be
thinking to myself, that after all, it was not much of an insult, that
kick from Ahab. 'Why,' thinks I, 'what's the row? It's not a real leg,
only a false leg.' And there's a mighty difference between a living
thump and a dead thump. That's what makes a blow from the hand, Flask,
fifty times more savage to bear than a blow from a cane. The living
member--that makes the living insult, my little man. And thinks I to
myself all the while, mind, while I was stubbing my silly toes against
that cursed pyramid--so confoundedly contradictory was it all, all
the while, I say, I was thinking to myself, 'what's his leg now, but
a cane--a whalebone cane. Yes,' thinks I, 'it was only a playful
cudgelling--in fact, only a whaleboning that he gave me--not a base
kick. Besides,' thinks I, 'look at it once; why, the end of it--the foot
part--what a small sort of end it is; whereas, if a broad footed farmer
kicked me, THERE'S a devilish broad insult. But this insult is whittled
down to a point only.' But now comes the greatest joke of the
dream, Flask. While I was battering away at the pyramid, a sort of
badger-haired old merman, with a hump on his back, takes me by the
shoulders, and slews me round. 'What are you 'bout?' says he. Slid! man,
but I was frightened. Such a phiz! But, somehow, next moment I was over
the fright. 'What am I about?' says I at last. 'And what business is
that of yours, I should like to know, Mr. Humpback? Do YOU want a kick?'
By the lord, Flask, I had no sooner said that, than he turned round his
stern to me, bent over, and dragging up a lot of seaweed he had for a
clout--what do you think, I saw?--why thunder alive, man, his stern
was stuck full of marlinspikes, with the points out. Says I, on second
thoughts, 'I guess I won't kick you, old fellow.' 'Wise Stubb,' said he,
'wise Stubb;' and kept muttering it all the time, a sort of eating of
his own gums like a chimney hag. Seeing he wasn't going to stop saying
over his 'wise Stubb, wise Stubb,' I thought I might as well fall to
kicking the pyramid again. But I had only just lifted my foot for it,
when he roared out, 'Stop that kicking!' 'Halloa,' says I, 'what's
the matter now, old fellow?' 'Look ye here,' says he; 'let's argue
the insult. Captain Ahab kicked ye, didn't he?' 'Yes, he did,' says
I--'right HERE it was.' 'Very good,' says he--'he used his ivory leg,
didn't he?' 'Yes, he did,' says I. 'Well then,' says he, 'wise Stubb,
what have you to complain of? Didn't he kick with right good will? it
wasn't a common pitch pine leg he kicked with, was it? No, you were
kicked by a great man, and with a beautiful ivory leg, Stubb. It's an
honour; I consider it an honour. Listen, wise Stubb. In old England the
greatest lords think it great glory to be slapped by a queen, and made
garter-knights of; but, be YOUR boast, Stubb, that ye were kicked by
old Ahab, and made a wise man of. Remember what I say; BE kicked by him;
account his kicks honours; and on no account kick back; for you can't
help yourself, wise Stubb. Don't you see that pyramid?' With that, he
all of a sudden seemed somehow, in some queer fashion, to swim off into
the air. I snored; rolled over; and there I was in my hammock! Now, what
do you think of that dream, Flask?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I don't know; it seems a sort of foolish to me, tho.'"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"May be; may be. But it's made a wise man of me, Flask. D'ye see Ahab
standing there, sideways looking over the stern? Well, the best thing
you can do, Flask, is to let the old man alone; never speak to him,
whatever he says. Halloa! What's that he shouts? Hark!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Mast-head, there! Look sharp, all of ye! There are whales hereabouts!

"Billy Joe Saunders beats Chris Eubank Jnr on a split decision - reaction here http://t.co/6uW4qm9REt #bbcboxing http://t.co/jmRWaoHbdg"What do you think of that now, Flask? ain't there a small drop of
something queer about that, eh? A white whale--did ye mark that, man?
Look ye--there's something special in the wind. Stand by for it, Flask.
Ahab has that that's bloody on his mind. But, mum; he comes this way."FINAL South Pointe 40, Flora 21. Stallions headed to 3rd all-time 3A state final appearance in 3 years in the classification"No branch of Zoology is so much involved as that which is entitled
Cetology,"It's #snowing! See arctic explorer William Scoresby's snowflakes from 1822 Greenland: http://t.co/3ltJPHj6Xk http://t.co/lqjdxxnOsE"It is not my intention, were it in my power, to enter into the
inquiry as to the true method of dividing the cetacea into groups and
families.... Utter confusion exists among the historians of this animal"We asked @Tony_Surgeon about to opening for @ladygaga: "It was very important for us to present real, raw techno.” http://t.co/WaazTzIcmy"Unfitness to pursue our research in the unfathomable waters."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Impenetrable veil covering our knowledge of the cetacea."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"A field
strewn with thorns."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"All these incomplete indications but serve to
torture us naturalists."FINAL South Pointe 40, Flora 21. Stallions headed to 3rd all-time 3A state final appearance in 3 years in the classification"I hereby separate the whales from
the fish."#mufc's first-half stats vs Hull City. Shots 8 (on target 3, off target 2, blocked 3), possession 76%, pass completion 93%. #mufclive"On account of their warm bilocular
heart, their lungs, their movable eyelids, their hollow ears, penem
intrantem feminam mammis lactantem,"So excited to FINALLY be going to Australia and New Zealand!!!!!!!!!! #DEMIWORLDTOUR 😍😜"ex lege naturae jure
meritoque."anything that compromises your individuality isn't worth being part of."whale oil,"Some among the protesters gathered at 5th and Pine are setting off fireworks indiscriminately."Whalebone whales,"Since we're over the Thanksgiving hump, we can put this back in rotation right? #AFaithfulChristmas… http://t.co/KeAF41EcsO"when Sir
Martin returned from that voyage,"#WhenIWasYourAge: We actually used a sheet of paper laced with carbon to make a carbon copy — “the cc:" -- of a Letter."on bended knees
he presented to her highness a prodigious long horn of the Narwhale,
which for a long period after hung in the castle at Windsor."This Week Could Be the Last Chance to Save Mexico's Vaquita Porpoise From Extinction: http://t.co/bYa61LGvkv"bright waist,"JUST IN: An earthquake has struck central Japan with a preliminary 6.2 magnitude, the U.S. Geological Survey says: http://t.co/eYD9P4als5"Dinner, Mr.
Starbuck,"Privileging forthright speech over pleasantness means you may be disliked, but you're more likely to develop authentic relationships."Dinner, Mr. Stubb,"Another important game today, good luck boys! #MUFC"Dinner, Mr. Flask,"With the Eiffel Tower just a hop, skip and a jump away, we can't get enough of this view from @MO_PARIS! #MOdreaming http://t.co/LogUVOP1h4"A Voyage among the
Icebergs, in quest of the Greenland Whale, and incidentally for the
re-discovery of the Lost Icelandic Colonies of Old Greenland;"With overwhelming circumstantial evidence of widespread, systematic electoral fraud, we have to keep pressing for an investigation. #rigging"local attraction"Blacksmiths Create Link’s Fierce Deity Sword From Zelda: Majora’s Mask http://t.co/BPLl4kInuk"binnacle
deviations,"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"azimuth compass observations,"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"approximate errors,"#WhenIWasYourAge: We made phone calls in Phone Booths, which is also where Superman occasionally changed his clothes."Keep your weather eye open, and sing out
every time."i think I'm confused but im listening to this song and I think lil wayne just implied he ejaculates A1 sauce"Roll on, thou deep and dark blue ocean, roll! Ten thousand
blubber-hunters sweep over thee in vain."#Capricorn will never fall in love with an absent-minded person.They are too smart for that."interest"Heartened so many still chattering about how immensely short sighted the ABC is, to allow @QuentinDempster to walk out the door #reverseit"Why, thou monkey,"Thanks for having me to watch the game. @wswanderersfc ha'way the lads!"we've been
cruising now hard upon three years, and thou hast not raised a whale
yet. Whales are scarce as hen's teeth whenever thou art up here."#Capricorn will never fall in love with an absent-minded person.They are too smart for that."D'ye mark him, Flask?"My friends final wrestling match his senior year, came out to the match with a rainbow singlet and whispered "im gay" in the other guys ear"the chick that's in him pecks
the shell. 'Twill soon be out."Great victory today: 3 points in the bag! FANtastic fan support!! Thanks! On the way back to London now, have a great weekend everybody!"Sir!"Extraordinary result in Victoria. Inspiring for Labor people all over the country. Congratulations @DanielAndrewsMP and @VictorianLabor"Send everybody aft,"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier"Mast-heads, there! come down!"Learned alot from an X's &amp; O's standpoint from him, but finish the season a lot wiser from countless acts like this http://t.co/7Xv5vF2TNu"What do ye do when ye see a whale, men?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Sing out for him!"#Aries can be reckless, impulsive and drive too fast."Good!""Thoughts are sent out into the Universe, and they magnetically attract all like things that are on the same frequency." Rhonda Byrne"And what do ye next, men?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Lower away, and after him!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"And what tune is it ye pull to, men?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"A dead whale or a stove boat!"Let me teach you how to find happiness in your painful and purposeless life."All ye mast-headers have before now heard me give orders about a white
whale. Look ye! d'ye see this Spanish ounce of gold?"Officers who shot 12-year-old holding toy gun denied him first aid for 4 minutes http://t.co/QCBnNikjRB http://t.co/jnvWl4huo0"it is a sixteen dollar piece, men. D'ye
see it? Mr. Starbuck, hand me yon top-maul.""The articulate minority have a moral responsibility to speak up for those whose voices have been made inarticulate by the political system""Whosoever of ye
raises me a white-headed whale with a wrinkled brow and a crooked jaw;
whosoever of ye raises me that white-headed whale, with three holes
punctured in his starboard fluke--look ye, whosoever of ye raises me
that same white whale, he shall have this gold ounce, my boys!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Huzza! huzza!"Never mind the chandelier - @AndreaFaustini1’s swinging from those notes like a pro. 🎶💫 #XFactorJukebox http://t.co/FEvJYzLQ0l"It's a white whale, I say,"Play has resumed in the NZ v Pakistan Test match, but with a special tribute to #PhillipHughes #putoutyourbats http://t.co/Lp9MMmQs4U"a white whale. Skin your eyes for him, men; look sharp for white water;
if ye see but a bubble, sing out."I made a promise to my mother that I will never smoke weed

So long I've kept my word because I have no recollection of smoking weed at all."Captain Ahab,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"that white whale must be the same that
some call Moby Dick."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Moby Dick?"I just hid under a bed and waited for tom to come in then I stuck my hand out and shouted and he pooed himself 😂😂😂 #TomsAWoman - Barclay"Do ye know the white whale then, Tash?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Does he fan-tail a little curious, sir, before he goes down?"In a 2014 study, researchers found that women were able to deliberately manipulate their voices to sound more attractive. Men could not."And has he a curious spout, too,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"very bushy, even for a
parmacetty, and mighty quick, Captain Ahab?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"And he have one, two, three--oh! good many iron in him hide, too,
Captain,"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"all twiske-tee be-twisk, like
him--him--"Alfred Heineken created a bottle that could also function as a brick to build houses in impoverished countries, 1963. http://t.co/ptPnKpjaet"like him--him--"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Corkscrew!""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"aye, Queequeg, the harpoons lie all twisted
and wrenched in him; aye, Daggoo, his spout is a big one, like a whole
shock of wheat, and white as a pile of our Nantucket wool after the
great annual sheep-shearing; aye, Tashtego, and he fan-tails like a
split jib in a squall. Death and devils! men, it is Moby Dick ye have
seen--Moby Dick--Moby Dick!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Captain Ahab,"#광화문에서 http://t.co/alptgbuG3k we COULD WIN if we watched official MV more.. let's keep increasing the views http://t.co/0XmeZBTa0P"Captain
Ahab, I have heard of Moby Dick--but it was not Moby Dick that took off
thy leg?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Who told thee that?"I can barely talk about Iraq w/o getting emotional. Darren Wilson sat on TV &amp; talked about killing a kid w/o pausing"Aye, Starbuck; aye, my
hearties all round; it was Moby Dick that dismasted me; Moby Dick that
brought me to this dead stump I stand on now. Aye, aye,"@CRY_UK More awareness needed about causes and identification of young people at risk of sudden cardiac death. http://t.co/fKEjvdgbt8"Aye, aye! it was that accursed white whale that razeed me; made a poor
pegging lubber of me for ever and a day!"I just hid under a bed and waited for tom to come in then I stuck my hand out and shouted and he pooed himself 😂😂😂 #TomsAWoman - Barclay"Aye, aye! and I'll chase him
round Good Hope, and round the Horn, and round the Norway Maelstrom, and
round perdition's flames before I give him up. And this is what ye have
shipped for, men! to chase that white whale on both sides of land, and
over all sides of earth, till he spouts black blood and rolls fin out.
What say ye, men, will ye splice hands on it, now? I think ye do look
brave."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Aye, aye!"I just hid under a bed and waited for tom to come in then I stuck my hand out and shouted and he pooed himself 😂😂😂 #TomsAWoman - Barclay"A sharp eye for the white whale; a sharp lance for
Moby Dick!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"God bless ye,"Blackberries for #BlackFriday! It seemed appropriate! #RT+Follow for your chance to #WIN one of these! 💕💕💕 http://t.co/J2wKrL1HTs"God bless ye,
men. Steward! go draw the great measure of grog. But what's this long
face about, Mr. Starbuck; wilt thou not chase the white whale? art not
game for Moby Dick?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"I am game for his crooked jaw, and for the jaws of Death too, Captain
Ahab, if it fairly comes in the way of the business we follow; but I
came here to hunt whales, not my commander's vengeance. How many barrels
will thy vengeance yield thee even if thou gettest it, Captain Ahab? it
will not fetch thee much in our Nantucket market."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Nantucket market! Hoot! But come closer, Starbuck; thou requirest
a little lower layer. If money's to be the measurer, man, and the
accountants have computed their great counting-house the globe, by
girdling it with guineas, one to every three parts of an inch; then, let
me tell thee, that my vengeance will fetch a great premium HERE!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"He smites his chest,"My friends final wrestling match his senior year, came out to the match with a rainbow singlet and whispered "im gay" in the other guys ear"what's that for? methinks it
rings most vast, but hollow."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Vengeance on a dumb brute!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"that simply smote thee
from blindest instinct! Madness! To be enraged with a dumb thing,
Captain Ahab, seems blasphemous."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Hark ye yet again--the little lower layer. All visible objects, man,
are but as pasteboard masks. But in each event--in the living act, the
undoubted deed--there, some unknown but still reasoning thing puts forth
the mouldings of its features from behind the unreasoning mask. If man
will strike, strike through the mask! How can the prisoner reach outside
except by thrusting through the wall? To me, the white whale is that
wall, shoved near to me. Sometimes I think there's naught beyond. But
'tis enough. He tasks me; he heaps me; I see in him outrageous strength,
with an inscrutable malice sinewing it. That inscrutable thing is
chiefly what I hate; and be the white whale agent, or be the white whale
principal, I will wreak that hate upon him. Talk not to me of blasphemy,
man; I'd strike the sun if it insulted me. For could the sun do that,
then could I do the other; since there is ever a sort of fair play
herein, jealousy presiding over all creations. But not my master, man,
is even that fair play. Who's over me? Truth hath no confines. Take off
thine eye! more intolerable than fiends' glarings is a doltish
stare! So, so; thou reddenest and palest; my heat has melted thee to
anger-glow. But look ye, Starbuck, what is said in heat, that thing
unsays itself. There are men from whom warm words are small indignity. I
meant not to incense thee. Let it go. Look! see yonder Turkish cheeks of
spotted tawn--living, breathing pictures painted by the sun. The Pagan
leopards--the unrecking and unworshipping things, that live; and seek,
and give no reasons for the torrid life they feel! The crew, man, the
crew! Are they not one and all with Ahab, in this matter of the whale?
See Stubb! he laughs! See yonder Chilian! he snorts to think of it.
Stand up amid the general hurricane, thy one tost sapling cannot,
Starbuck! And what is it? Reckon it. 'Tis but to help strike a fin; no
wondrous feat for Starbuck. What is it more? From this one poor hunt,
then, the best lance out of all Nantucket, surely he will not hang back,
when every foremast-hand has clutched a whetstone? Ah! constrainings
seize thee; I see! the billow lifts thee! Speak, but speak!--Aye, aye!
thy silence, then, THAT voices thee. (ASIDE) Something shot from my
dilated nostrils, he has inhaled it in his lungs. Starbuck now is mine;
cannot oppose me now, without rebellion."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"God keep me!--keep us all!"People hate #Taurus because of her stubbornness, moral righteousness and oversimplifying of complex matters."The measure! the measure!"Drake’s eyes look into the distance searchingly “Take a shot for me” he whispers, whilst emptying his glass into the ocean"Drink and pass!"Nanny Charged With Attempted Murder for Beating Young Girl. http://t.co/4FR654rHF0 http://t.co/8MZtcVqgGK"The crew alone now drink. Round with it, round! Short
draughts--long swallows, men; 'tis hot as Satan's hoof. So, so; it
goes round excellently. It spiralizes in ye; forks out at the
serpent-snapping eye. Well done; almost drained. That way it went, this
way it comes. Hand it me--here's a hollow! Men, ye seem the years; so
brimming life is gulped and gone. Steward, refill!

"I appreciate this @chrislhayes interview so much. YES, why is he shooting at people running away? Really imp ques that trial could answer"Advance, ye mates! Cross your lances full before me. Well done! Let
me touch the axis.""The scars accumulated in battles won sometimes hurt more than battles lost." by @KieseLaymon #longreads  http://t.co/U5bszeLN9S"In vain!""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"but, maybe, 'tis well. For did ye three but
once take the full-forced shock, then mine own electric thing, THAT had
perhaps expired from out me. Perchance, too, it would have dropped ye
dead. Perchance ye need it not. Down lances! And now, ye mates, I do
appoint ye three cupbearers to my three pagan kinsmen there--yon three
most honourable gentlemen and noblemen, my valiant harpooneers. Disdain
the task? What, when the great Pope washes the feet of beggars, using
his tiara for ewer? Oh, my sweet cardinals! your own condescension, THAT
shall bend ye to it. I do not order ye; ye will it. Cut your seizings
and draw the poles, ye harpooneers!"#Aries might be emotionally detached sometimes, but they still love you a lot more than you think."Stab me not with that keen steel! Cant them; cant them over! know ye
not the goblet end? Turn up the socket! So, so; now, ye cup-bearers,
advance. The irons! take them; hold them while I fill!"ISIS Launches Attack On Kobani From TURKEY. If true, Turkey must be kicked out of NATO forthwith. http://t.co/38C45QpOey via @theworldpost"Now, three to three, ye stand. Commend the murderous chalices! Bestow
them, ye who are now made parties to this indissoluble league. Ha!
Starbuck! but the deed is done! Yon ratifying sun now waits to sit upon
it. Drink, ye harpooneers! drink and swear, ye men that man the deathful
whaleboat's bow--Death to Moby Dick! God hunt us all, if we do not hunt
Moby Dick to his death!"See some of the #putoutyourbats tributes to Phillip Hughes from cricket players and fans http://t.co/xCz5htY69n http://t.co/cT04qXpZs1"struck with the most lively terrors,"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"often in the precipitancy of
their flight dash themselves against the rocks with such violence as to
cause instantaneous death."I love people who are curious about your thoughts and understandings before judging you based off of what you say."Lord of the White Elephants"Twenty four years ago, we became the Adelaide Crows and found a pretty nice guernsey http://t.co/yL06P87YXs"Requiem eternam"ig·no·rant
('iɡnərənt/)
adj.
-lacking knowledge or awareness in general; uneducated or unsophisticated"the tall pale man"sincere apologies to all the fans in brazil- had to cancel the appearance due to circumstances beyond my control- hope to reschedule soon."Sir, it was not so much the fear of
striking hidden rocks, as the fear of that hideous whiteness that so
stirred me?"What's happening in #Donbass is purposeful, systematic annihilation of people b/c of their insistence on retaining dignity"HIST! Did you hear that noise, Cabaco?"#ISS hatches open at 12am ET as #Exp42 greets new crewmates. @AstroSamantha is first aboard after exiting #Soyuz. http://t.co/KcIwhh7tvZ"Hist! did you hear that noise, Cabaco?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Take the bucket, will ye, Archy? what noise d'ye mean?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"There it is again--under the hatches--don't you hear it--a cough--it
sounded like a cough."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Cough be damned! Pass along that return bucket."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"There again--there it is!--it sounds like two or three sleepers turning
over, now!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Caramba! have done, shipmate, will ye? It's the three soaked biscuits
ye eat for supper turning over inside of ye--nothing else. Look to the
bucket!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Say what ye will, shipmate; I've sharp ears."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Aye, you are the chap, ain't ye, that heard the hum of the old
Quakeress's knitting-needles fifty miles at sea from Nantucket; you're
the chap."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Grin away; we'll see what turns up. Hark ye, Cabaco, there is somebody
down in the after-hold that has not yet been seen on deck; and I suspect
our old Mogul knows something of it too. I heard Stubb tell Flask, one
morning watch, that there was something of that sort in the wind."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Tish! the bucket!"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment."This chart divides the ocean into districts
     of five degrees of latitude by five degrees of longitude;
     perpendicularly through each of which districts are twelve
     columns for the twelve months; and horizontally through each
     of which districts are three lines; one to show the number
     of days that have been spent in each month in every
     district, and the two others to show the number of days in
     which whales, sperm or right, have been seen."Clark column! Take a bow, Charles Kelly. With the season on the line, your defense made the difference. http://t.co/h0z4ZzazTL"ten minutes"A 25-foot storm surge in Galveston Bay, Tx would cause “economic catastrophe” to the nation http://t.co/KFZfOAgLhX http://t.co/yD7IBS7XI0"Every fact seemed
to warrant me in concluding that it was anything but chance which
directed his operations; he made two several attacks upon the ship, at
a short interval between them, both of which, according to their
direction, were calculated to do us the most injury, by being made
ahead, and thereby combining the speed of the two objects for the shock;
to effect which, the exact manoeuvres which he made were necessary. His
aspect was most horrible, and such as indicated resentment and fury. He
came directly from the shoal which we had just before entered, and in
which we had struck three of his companions, as if fired with revenge
for their sufferings."Ireland ! you ready for On The Road Again 2015 ? Coming home for ya!!  Tickets on sale 6th Dec !"At all events, the whole circumstances
taken together, all happening before my own eyes, and producing, at the
time, impressions in my mind of decided, calculating mischief, on the
part of the whale (many of which impressions I cannot now recall),
induce me to be satisfied that I am correct in my opinion."#Thanksgiving reflections of a #nerd http://t.co/gsrKTwv58E"The dark ocean and swelling waters were nothing; the
fears of being swallowed up by some dreadful tempest, or dashed
upon hidden rocks, with all the other ordinary subjects of fearful
contemplation, seemed scarcely entitled to a moment's thought; the
dismal looking wreck, and THE HORRID ASPECT AND REVENGE OF THE WHALE,
wholly engrossed my reflections, until day again made its appearance."Left Alaska only to end up in an even colder place! -28 outchea right now 😱😨 http://t.co/jCld6jxw3P"THE MYSTERIOUS AND MORTAL ATTACK
OF THE ANIMAL."I'm a superstitious kind of girl in that I believe most people are idiots."By the thirteenth of May our ship was ready to sail, and the next day
we were out in the open sea, on our way to Ochotsh. The weather was very
clear and fine, but so intolerably cold that we were obliged to keep on
our fur clothing. For some days we had very little wind; it was not
till the nineteenth that a brisk gale from the northwest sprang up. An
uncommon large whale, the body of which was larger than the ship itself,
lay almost at the surface of the water, but was not perceived by any
one on board till the moment when the ship, which was in full sail,
was almost upon him, so that it was impossible to prevent its striking
against him. We were thus placed in the most imminent danger, as this
gigantic creature, setting up its back, raised the ship three feet at
least out of the water. The masts reeled, and the sails fell altogether,
while we who were below all sprang instantly upon the deck, concluding
that we had struck upon some rock; instead of this we saw the monster
sailing off with the utmost gravity and solemnity. Captain D'Wolf
applied immediately to the pumps to examine whether or not the vessel
had received any damage from the shock, but we found that very happily
it had escaped entirely uninjured."NEW JONTRON! Jon takes a look at some old fashioned Plug and Play consoles. https://t.co/9oqL1IOUiX"John Ferdinando,"U18S TEAM NEWS: Kjetil Haug, Tattum, Adarabioyo, Oliver, Wood, Holland, Garcia, Celina, Fernandes, Buckley, Dilrosun. #mcfc"In our way thither,"When someone you hate walks past and your friend says "look it's your best friend" http://t.co/ZzNqIVFoqQ"about four
o'clock in the morning, when we were about one hundred and fifty leagues
from the Main of America, our ship felt a terrible shock, which put our
men in such consternation that they could hardly tell where they were
or what to think; but every one began to prepare for death. And, indeed,
the shock was so sudden and violent, that we took it for granted the
ship had struck against a rock; but when the amazement was a little
over, we cast the lead, and sounded, but found no ground..... The
suddenness of the shock made the guns leap in their carriages, and
several of the men were shaken out of their hammocks. Captain Davis, who
lay with his head on a gun, was thrown out of his cabin!"This chart shows that eyewitness testimony is extremely unreliable http://t.co/dqr70oXw0D"There she blows! there! there! there! she blows! she blows!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Where-away?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"On the lee-beam, about two miles off! a school of them!"Another look: @Pontifex receives blessing from @EcuPatriarch. Moving image, day. http://t.co/cBsyQht7Mn http://t.co/6KN40bPgIM"There go flukes!"#Mexico: Drop charges &amp; urgently release 11 held for protest over disappeared students http://t.co/CrjyTvJxdV http://t.co/D9LO7GEBPe"Quick, steward!""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"Time! time!"Victorian election 2014: An inevitable victory for Labor, but a stunning result nevertheless http://t.co/m1aJjQwwkE"All ready
there, Fedallah?"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Ready,"If you whatsapp me and the ticks blue and i dont reply, I have not aired you, I'm just verified on whats app"Lower away then; d'ye hear?"David Moyes shouting 'Stefano' on the touchline. Only issue is, Real Sociedad don't have anyone called 'Stefano'... http://t.co/9IBj5RQzE1"Lower away
there, I say."H.O.V.A. said that �When I come back like Jordan, wearing the 4-5� #GOAT #HovaSaidThat"Captain Ahab?--"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"Spread yourselves,""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"give way, all four boats. Thou, Flask,
pull out more to leeward!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Aye, aye, sir,"When turkey reigned king: Americans do Thanksgiving in Tel Aviv http://t.co/84o7BpqZ03"Lay back!"RT
@IndiaToday:CR Kesavan:PM addressing parliament across the world,why can't he face his parl on Indians in Iraq 
http://t.co/A4gFYpS0EJ"There!--there!--there again! There she blows right ahead, boys!--lay
back!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Never heed yonder yellow boys, Archy."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Oh, I don't mind'em, sir,"BLOCK! AGAIN! This time it counts as @archy_black gets the block!"I knew it all before now.
Didn't I hear 'em in the hold? And didn't I tell Cabaco here of it? What
say ye, Cabaco? They are stowaways, Mr. Flask."In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Pull, pull, my fine hearts-alive; pull, my children; pull, my little
ones,"LAST DAY. RT &amp; follow @JenLawUS to win sighed photos of @TheHungerGames cast! Ends 22nd Nov @ midnight. #Mockingjay http://t.co/yRcX5DhVI1"Why don't you break your backbones,
my boys? What is it you stare at? Those chaps in yonder boat? Tut! They
are only five more hands come to help us--never mind from where--the
more the merrier. Pull, then, do pull; never mind the brimstone--devils
are good fellows enough. So, so; there you are now; that's the stroke
for a thousand pounds; that's the stroke to sweep the stakes! Hurrah
for the gold cup of sperm oil, my heroes! Three cheers, men--all hearts
alive! Easy, easy; don't be in a hurry--don't be in a hurry. Why don't
you snap your oars, you rascals? Bite something, you dogs! So, so, so,
then:--softly, softly! That's it--that's it! long and strong. Give way
there, give way! The devil fetch ye, ye ragamuffin rapscallions; ye are
all asleep. Stop snoring, ye sleepers, and pull. Pull, will ye? pull,
can't ye? pull, won't ye? Why in the name of gudgeons and ginger-cakes
don't ye pull?--pull and break something! pull, and start your eyes out!
Here!"Auburn playing about as fast as possible. Absolutely pistol-whipping the chain gang into submission. Can't keep up."every mother's son
of ye draw his knife, and pull with the blade between his teeth. That's
it--that's it. Now ye do something; that looks like it, my steel-bits.
Start her--start her, my silver-spoons! Start her, marling-spikes!"The highest call for musicians in churches is to accompany the congregation in singing. http://t.co/Jgo6v5sSMs"Mr. Starbuck! larboard boat there, ahoy! a word with ye, sir, if ye
please!"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"Halloa!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"What think ye of those yellow boys, sir!

"Please Share.India Confiscates Animals Smuggled to Nepal for Huge Mass Sacrifice http://t.co/yXyksip4gv via @IBTimesUK #gadhimaifestival2014" in a whisper to his crew, then speaking out loud again: ""We're about to get beat by Auburn ... but that's none of my business (nachos edition)." http://t.co/feeXssXSUH"

"Ok so deep thought isn't always good, unless it's about cool stuff or something. Boring stuff is boring 😕" soliloquized Stubb, when the boats
diverged, "Texas gunman fires 100 rounds, tried to burn down Mexican consulate. It's not a terror attack though, he's white. http://t.co/3hvGEuD7Uh"

Now the advent of these outlandish strangers at such a critical instant
as the lowering of the boats from the deck, this had not unreasonably
awakened a sort of superstitious amazement in some of the ship's
company; but Archy's fancied discovery having some time previous got
abroad among them, though indeed not credited then, this had in some
small measure prepared them for the event. It took off the extreme edge
of their wonder; and so what with all this and Stubb's confident way
of accounting for their appearance, they were for the time freed from
superstitious surmisings; though the affair still left abundant room for
all manner of wild conjectures as to dark Ahab's precise agency in the
matter from the beginning. For me, I silently recalled the mysterious
shadows I had seen creeping on board the Pequod during the dim Nantucket
dawn, as well as the enigmatical hintings of the unaccountable Elijah.

Meantime, Ahab, out of hearing of his officers, having sided the
furthest to windward, was still ranging ahead of the other boats; a
circumstance bespeaking how potent a crew was pulling him. Those tiger
yellow creatures of his seemed all steel and whalebone; like five
trip-hammers they rose and fell with regular strokes of strength, which
periodically started the boat along the water like a horizontal burst
boiler out of a Mississippi steamer. As for Fedallah, who was seen
pulling the harpooneer oar, he had thrown aside his black jacket, and
displayed his naked chest with the whole part of his body above the
gunwale, clearly cut against the alternating depressions of the watery
horizon; while at the other end of the boat Ahab, with one arm, like a
fencer's, thrown half backward into the air, as if to counterbalance any
tendency to trip; Ahab was seen steadily managing his steering oar as in
a thousand boat lowerings ere the White Whale had torn him. All at once
the outstretched arm gave a peculiar motion and then remained fixed,
while the boat's five oars were seen simultaneously peaked. Boat and
crew sat motionless on the sea. Instantly the three spread boats in the
rear paused on their way. The whales had irregularly settled bodily
down into the blue, thus giving no distantly discernible token of the
movement, though from his closer vicinity Ahab had observed it.

"If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -Latin proverb" cried Starbuck. ""Thou shall hold it down" - Popology 4:15"

Nimbly springing up on the triangular raised box in the bow, the savage
stood erect there, and with intensely eager eyes gazed off towards the
spot where the chase had last been descried. Likewise upon the extreme
stern of the boat where it was also triangularly platformed level with
the gunwale, Starbuck himself was seen coolly and adroitly balancing
himself to the jerking tossings of his chip of a craft, and silently
eyeing the vast blue eye of the sea.

Not very far distant Flask's boat was also lying breathlessly still; its
commander recklessly standing upon the top of the loggerhead, a stout
sort of post rooted in the keel, and rising some two feet above the
level of the stern platform. It is used for catching turns with the
whale line. Its top is not more spacious than the palm of a man's hand,
and standing upon such a base as that, Flask seemed perched at the
mast-head of some ship which had sunk to all but her trucks. But little
King-Post was small and short, and at the same time little King-Post was
full of a large and tall ambition, so that this loggerhead stand-point
of his did by no means satisfy King-Post.

"my little cousin has a book that him and his classmates had to make in school on how to make thanksgiving dinner and http://t.co/Om15f1yJuc"

Upon this, Daggoo, with either hand upon the gunwale to steady his
way, swiftly slid aft, and then erecting himself volunteered his lofty
shoulders for a pedestal.

"Sydney Cricket Ground lowers flag to half mast for Phillip Hughes http://t.co/6Yf1bdVXEX via @DailyMailAU http://t.co/6l6URxpj6N"

"someone taller than luke
amazing http://t.co/5gXomyiRlx"

Whereupon planting his feet firmly against two opposite planks of the
boat, the gigantic negro, stooping a little, presented his flat palm to
Flask's foot, and then putting Flask's hand on his hearse-plumed head
and bidding him spring as he himself should toss, with one dexterous
fling landed the little man high and dry on his shoulders. And here was
Flask now standing, Daggoo with one lifted arm furnishing him with a
breastband to lean against and steady himself by.

At any time it is a strange sight to the tyro to see with what wondrous
habitude of unconscious skill the whaleman will maintain an erect
posture in his boat, even when pitched about by the most riotously
perverse and cross-running seas. Still more strange to see him giddily
perched upon the loggerhead itself, under such circumstances. But the
sight of little Flask mounted upon gigantic Daggoo was yet more curious;
for sustaining himself with a cool, indifferent, easy, unthought of,
barbaric majesty, the noble negro to every roll of the sea harmoniously
rolled his fine form. On his broad back, flaxen-haired Flask seemed
a snow-flake. The bearer looked nobler than the rider. Though truly
vivacious, tumultuous, ostentatious little Flask would now and then
stamp with impatience; but not one added heave did he thereby give to
the negro's lordly chest. So have I seen Passion and Vanity stamping the
living magnanimous earth, but the earth did not alter her tides and her
seasons for that.

Meanwhile Stubb, the third mate, betrayed no such far-gazing
solicitudes. The whales might have made one of their regular soundings,
not a temporary dive from mere fright; and if that were the case,
Stubb, as his wont in such cases, it seems, was resolved to solace the
languishing interval with his pipe. He withdrew it from his hatband,
where he always wore it aslant like a feather. He loaded it, and rammed
home the loading with his thumb-end; but hardly had he ignited his match
across the rough sandpaper of his hand, when Tashtego, his harpooneer,
whose eyes had been setting to windward like two fixed stars, suddenly
dropped like light from his erect attitude to his seat, crying out in a
quick phrensy of hurry, "On my way up to Birmingham right now for @wearefreeradio live gig!! See you there 😉👍"

To a landsman, no whale, nor any sign of a herring, would have been
visible at that moment; nothing but a troubled bit of greenish white
water, and thin scattered puffs of vapour hovering over it, and
suffusingly blowing off to leeward, like the confused scud from white
rolling billows. The air around suddenly vibrated and tingled, as it
were, like the air over intensely heated plates of iron. Beneath this
atmospheric waving and curling, and partially beneath a thin layer of
water, also, the whales were swimming. Seen in advance of all the other
indications, the puffs of vapour they spouted, seemed their forerunning
couriers and detached flying outriders.

All four boats were now in keen pursuit of that one spot of troubled
water and air. But it bade fair to outstrip them; it flew on and on,
as a mass of interblending bubbles borne down a rapid stream from the
hills.

"that one friend who acts out when boys are around http://t.co/zGTsw0fvHj" said Starbuck, in the lowest possible but
intensest concentrated whisper to his men; while the sharp fixed glance
from his eyes darted straight ahead of the bow, almost seemed as two
visible needles in two unerring binnacle compasses. He did not say much
to his crew, though, nor did his crew say anything to him. Only the
silence of the boat was at intervals startlingly pierced by one of his
peculiar whispers, now harsh with command, now soft with entreaty.

How different the loud little King-Post. "Be clear, waaaay more slaves stayed on the plantation than thugged it out with Harriet. Castro come through with about 12 cats..." And so shouting, he pulled his hat from his
head, and stamped up and down on it; then picking it up, flirted it far
off upon the sea; and finally fell to rearing and plunging in the boat's
stern like a crazed colt from the prairie.

"#H1DDENinSpotify is trending. Now you've just got to get #FOUR trending to reveal exclusive 1D clips on @Spotify!" philosophically drawled Stubb, who, with his
unlighted short pipe, mechanically retained between his teeth, at a
short distance, followed after--"I just posted an Insta..the caption says "Merry Christmas" People are commenting that it's not Christmas. Like do they not think I know that"

But what it was that inscrutable Ahab said to that tiger-yellow crew of
his--these were words best omitted here; for you live under the blessed
light of the evangelical land. Only the infidel sharks in the audacious
seas may give ear to such words, when, with tornado brow, and eyes of
red murder, and foam-glued lips, Ahab leaped after his prey.

Meanwhile, all the boats tore on. The repeated specific allusions of
Flask to "Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip" as he called the fictitious monster which
he declared to be incessantly tantalizing his boat's bow with its
tail--these allusions of his were at times so vivid and life-like, that
they would cause some one or two of his men to snatch a fearful look
over the shoulder. But this was against all rule; for the oarsmen
must put out their eyes, and ram a skewer through their necks; usage
pronouncing that they must have no organs but ears, and no limbs but
arms, in these critical moments.

It was a sight full of quick wonder and awe! The vast swells of the
omnipotent sea; the surging, hollow roar they made, as they rolled along
the eight gunwales, like gigantic bowls in a boundless bowling-green;
the brief suspended agony of the boat, as it would tip for an instant on
the knife-like edge of the sharper waves, that almost seemed threatening
to cut it in two; the sudden profound dip into the watery glens and
hollows; the keen spurrings and goadings to gain the top of the opposite
hill; the headlong, sled-like slide down its other side;--all these,
with the cries of the headsmen and harpooneers, and the shuddering gasps
of the oarsmen, with the wondrous sight of the ivory Pequod bearing
down upon her boats with outstretched sails, like a wild hen after her
screaming brood;--all this was thrilling.

Not the raw recruit, marching from the bosom of his wife into the fever
heat of his first battle; not the dead man's ghost encountering the
first unknown phantom in the other world;--neither of these can feel
stranger and stronger emotions than that man does, who for the first
time finds himself pulling into the charmed, churned circle of the
hunted sperm whale.

The dancing white water made by the chase was now becoming more and more
visible, owing to the increasing darkness of the dun cloud-shadows
flung upon the sea. The jets of vapour no longer blended, but tilted
everywhere to right and left; the whales seemed separating their wakes.
The boats were pulled more apart; Starbuck giving chase to three whales
running dead to leeward. Our sail was now set, and, with the still
rising wind, we rushed along; the boat going with such madness through
the water, that the lee oars could scarcely be worked rapidly enough to
escape being torn from the row-locks.

Soon we were running through a suffusing wide veil of mist; neither ship
nor boat to be seen.

"Birth Control Pills should be for men. It makes much more sense to unload a gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest" whispered Starbuck, drawing still further aft the sheet
of his sail; "82' - The Reds go close again, with a header cleared off the line. It's still United 3 Hull 0. #mufclive"

Soon after, two cries in quick succession on each side of us denoted
that the other boats had got fast; but hardly were they overheard, when
with a lightning-like hurtling whisper Starbuck said: "So many crutches and I still can't stand you http://t.co/0Y4z467xl0" and
Queequeg, harpoon in hand, sprang to his feet.

Though not one of the oarsmen was then facing the life and death peril
so close to them ahead, yet with their eyes on the intense countenance
of the mate in the stern of the boat, they knew that the imminent
instant had come; they heard, too, an enormous wallowing sound as of
fifty elephants stirring in their litter. Meanwhile the boat was still
booming through the mist, the waves curling and hissing around us like
the erected crests of enraged serpents.

"3-0, that's how it's done! And what a fantastic screamer @Persie_Official #MUFC http://t.co/1IZa3A35SU" whispered Starbuck.

A short rushing sound leaped out of the boat; it was the darted iron of
Queequeg. Then all in one welded commotion came an invisible push from
astern, while forward the boat seemed striking on a ledge; the sail
collapsed and exploded; a gush of scalding vapour shot up near by;
something rolled and tumbled like an earthquake beneath us. The whole
crew were half suffocated as they were tossed helter-skelter into the
white curdling cream of the squall. Squall, whale, and harpoon had all
blended together; and the whale, merely grazed by the iron, escaped.

Though completely swamped, the boat was nearly unharmed. Swimming round
it we picked up the floating oars, and lashing them across the gunwale,
tumbled back to our places. There we sat up to our knees in the sea, the
water covering every rib and plank, so that to our downward gazing eyes
the suspended craft seemed a coral boat grown up to us from the bottom
of the ocean.

The wind increased to a howl; the waves dashed their bucklers together;
the whole squall roared, forked, and crackled around us like a white
fire upon the prairie, in which, unconsumed, we were burning; immortal
in these jaws of death! In vain we hailed the other boats; as well roar
to the live coals down the chimney of a flaming furnace as hail those
boats in that storm. Meanwhile the driving scud, rack, and mist, grew
darker with the shadows of night; no sign of the ship could be seen.
The rising sea forbade all attempts to bale out the boat. The oars were
useless as propellers, performing now the office of life-preservers.
So, cutting the lashing of the waterproof match keg, after many failures
Starbuck contrived to ignite the lamp in the lantern; then stretching
it on a waif pole, handed it to Queequeg as the standard-bearer of this
forlorn hope. There, then, he sat, holding up that imbecile candle in
the heart of that almighty forlornness. There, then, he sat, the sign
and symbol of a man without faith, hopelessly holding up hope in the
midst of despair.

Wet, drenched through, and shivering cold, despairing of ship or boat,
we lifted up our eyes as the dawn came on. The mist still spread over
the sea, the empty lantern lay crushed in the bottom of the boat.
Suddenly Queequeg started to his feet, hollowing his hand to his ear.
We all heard a faint creaking, as of ropes and yards hitherto muffled by
the storm. The sound came nearer and nearer; the thick mists were dimly
parted by a huge, vague form. Affrighted, we all sprang into the sea as
the ship at last loomed into view, bearing right down upon us within a
distance of not much more than its length.

Floating on the waves we saw the abandoned boat, as for one instant it
tossed and gaped beneath the ship's bows like a chip at the base of a
cataract; and then the vast hull rolled over it, and it was seen no
more till it came up weltering astern. Again we swam for it, were dashed
against it by the seas, and were at last taken up and safely landed on
board. Ere the squall came close to, the other boats had cut loose from
their fish and returned to the ship in good time. The ship had given us
up, but was still cruising, if haply it might light upon some token of
our perishing,--an oar or a lance pole.



CHAPTER 49. The Hyena.


There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair
we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical
joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than
suspects that the joke is at nobody's expense but his own. However,
nothing dispirits, and nothing seems worth while disputing. He bolts
down all events, all creeds, and beliefs, and persuasions, all hard
things visible and invisible, never mind how knobby; as an ostrich of
potent digestion gobbles down bullets and gun flints. And as for small
difficulties and worryings, prospects of sudden disaster, peril of
life and limb; all these, and death itself, seem to him only sly,
good-natured hits, and jolly punches in the side bestowed by the unseen
and unaccountable old joker. That odd sort of wayward mood I am speaking
of, comes over a man only in some time of extreme tribulation; it comes
in the very midst of his earnestness, so that what just before might
have seemed to him a thing most momentous, now seems but a part of the
general joke. There is nothing like the perils of whaling to breed this
free and easy sort of genial, desperado philosophy; and with it I now
regarded this whole voyage of the Pequod, and the great White Whale its
object.

"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" said I, when they had dragged me, the last man, to the deck,
and I was still shaking myself in my jacket to fling off the water;
"RG3 to the...Jets?? It could happen. » http://t.co/r65EIaINpE http://t.co/AJsRvC6ArB"
Without much emotion, though soaked through just like me, he gave me to
understand that such things did often happen.

"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU" said I, turning to that worthy, who, buttoned up in his
oil-jacket, was now calmly smoking his pipe in the rain; "House leaders sure Obama violated Constitution but won't impeach him? Sounds like prosecutorial discretion."

"isn't it pathetic how we waste so much time on certain people and in the end they prove that they weren't even worth a second of it"

"Last Chance! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win this #AmericanMade Flask from @JacobBromwell! http://t.co/Eh3rfJCsiT" said I, turning to little King-Post, who was standing close
by; "Seeing this photo, The Bilastrator experienced dizziness and passed out from overwhelming joy. #wingspan #lengh http://t.co/o9hkq5wyQq"

"'10 Surprising Foods That Cause Weight Gain' advice included, "Instead of eating a chocolate bar, why not eat a smaller chocolate bar?"" said Flask. "The foremost precursors of today’s Navy SEALs, Pacific UDTs, originated on Oahu’s windward coast at Waimanalo Beach. http://t.co/hymUrbTprd"

Here then, from three impartial witnesses, I had a deliberate statement
of the entire case. Considering, therefore, that squalls and capsizings
in the water and consequent bivouacks on the deep, were matters
of common occurrence in this kind of life; considering that at the
superlatively critical instant of going on to the whale I must resign my
life into the hands of him who steered the boat--oftentimes a fellow who
at that very moment is in his impetuousness upon the point of scuttling
the craft with his own frantic stampings; considering that the
particular disaster to our own particular boat was chiefly to be imputed
to Starbuck's driving on to his whale almost in the teeth of a squall,
and considering that Starbuck, notwithstanding, was famous for his
great heedfulness in the fishery; considering that I belonged to this
uncommonly prudent Starbuck's boat; and finally considering in what a
devil's chase I was implicated, touching the White Whale: taking all
things together, I say, I thought I might as well go below and make a
rough draft of my will. "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" said I, "#Mubarak's lawyer.... The picture says a lot about the mafia that rules #Egypt
http://t.co/M6oG38oveA"

It may seem strange that of all men sailors should be tinkering at their
last wills and testaments, but there are no people in the world more
fond of that diversion. This was the fourth time in my nautical life
that I had done the same thing. After the ceremony was concluded upon
the present occasion, I felt all the easier; a stone was rolled away
from my heart. Besides, all the days I should now live would be as good
as the days that Lazarus lived after his resurrection; a supplementary
clean gain of so many months or weeks as the case might be. I survived
myself; my death and burial were locked up in my chest. I looked
round me tranquilly and contentedly, like a quiet ghost with a clean
conscience sitting inside the bars of a snug family vault.

Now then, thought I, unconsciously rolling up the sleeves of my frock,
here goes for a cool, collected dive at death and destruction, and the
devil fetch the hindmost.



CHAPTER 50. Ahab's Boat and Crew. Fedallah.


"Last Chance! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win this #AmericanMade Flask from @JacobBromwell! http://t.co/Eh3rfJCsiT" cried Stubb; "Labour says sack PCCs and save £50m. PCC @kvnbhrly1 says charge £50 more to plug hole in police budgets. Story: http://t.co/pYUqqABMMe"

"FOLLOWING EVERYONE I SEE ON BAND AND THIS ACCOUNT WITH 👇👇👇

#DownloadYouGotItAllAtMidnight  

http://t.co/ChV7OVPJFe   RT RT MOFOS X

🐨" said Flask.
"filming something a little different &amp; more creative today! do me a favor: send me photos &amp; videos that inspire you? i that'll help me ☺️"

"In Syria, street graffiti reads, "Kneel or starve" and its signed by "Assad's soldiers": http://t.co/PIKJxAERY8 http://t.co/JoKhi6MaZA"


Among whale-wise people it has often been argued whether, considering
the paramount importance of his life to the success of the voyage, it is
right for a whaling captain to jeopardize that life in the active perils
of the chase. So Tamerlane's soldiers often argued with tears in their
eyes, whether that invaluable life of his ought to be carried into the
thickest of the fight.

But with Ahab the question assumed a modified aspect. Considering
that with two legs man is but a hobbling wight in all times of danger;
considering that the pursuit of whales is always under great and
extraordinary difficulties; that every individual moment, indeed, then
comprises a peril; under these circumstances is it wise for any
maimed man to enter a whale-boat in the hunt? As a general thing, the
joint-owners of the Pequod must have plainly thought not.

Ahab well knew that although his friends at home would think little of
his entering a boat in certain comparatively harmless vicissitudes of
the chase, for the sake of being near the scene of action and giving
his orders in person, yet for Captain Ahab to have a boat actually
apportioned to him as a regular headsman in the hunt--above all for
Captain Ahab to be supplied with five extra men, as that same boat's
crew, he well knew that such generous conceits never entered the heads
of the owners of the Pequod. Therefore he had not solicited a boat's
crew from them, nor had he in any way hinted his desires on that head.
Nevertheless he had taken private measures of his own touching all
that matter. Until Cabaco's published discovery, the sailors had little
foreseen it, though to be sure when, after being a little while out
of port, all hands had concluded the customary business of fitting the
whaleboats for service; when some time after this Ahab was now and then
found bestirring himself in the matter of making thole-pins with his
own hands for what was thought to be one of the spare boats, and even
solicitously cutting the small wooden skewers, which when the line is
running out are pinned over the groove in the bow: when all this was
observed in him, and particularly his solicitude in having an extra
coat of sheathing in the bottom of the boat, as if to make it better
withstand the pointed pressure of his ivory limb; and also the anxiety
he evinced in exactly shaping the thigh board, or clumsy cleat, as it is
sometimes called, the horizontal piece in the boat's bow for bracing the
knee against in darting or stabbing at the whale; when it was observed
how often he stood up in that boat with his solitary knee fixed in the
semi-circular depression in the cleat, and with the carpenter's chisel
gouged out a little here and straightened it a little there; all these
things, I say, had awakened much interest and curiosity at the time. But
almost everybody supposed that this particular preparative heedfulness
in Ahab must only be with a view to the ultimate chase of Moby Dick;
for he had already revealed his intention to hunt that mortal monster
in person. But such a supposition did by no means involve the remotest
suspicion as to any boat's crew being assigned to that boat.

Now, with the subordinate phantoms, what wonder remained soon waned
away; for in a whaler wonders soon wane. Besides, now and then such
unaccountable odds and ends of strange nations come up from the unknown
nooks and ash-holes of the earth to man these floating outlaws of
whalers; and the ships themselves often pick up such queer castaway
creatures found tossing about the open sea on planks, bits of wreck,
oars, whaleboats, canoes, blown-off Japanese junks, and what not; that
Beelzebub himself might climb up the side and step down into the cabin
to chat with the captain, and it would not create any unsubduable
excitement in the forecastle.

But be all this as it may, certain it is that while the subordinate
phantoms soon found their place among the crew, though still as it were
somehow distinct from them, yet that hair-turbaned Fedallah remained
a muffled mystery to the last. Whence he came in a mannerly world like
this, by what sort of unaccountable tie he soon evinced himself to be
linked with Ahab's peculiar fortunes; nay, so far as to have some sort
of a half-hinted influence; Heaven knows, but it might have been even
authority over him; all this none knew. But one cannot sustain
an indifferent air concerning Fedallah. He was such a creature as
civilized, domestic people in the temperate zone only see in their
dreams, and that but dimly; but the like of whom now and then glide
among the unchanging Asiatic communities, especially the Oriental isles
to the east of the continent--those insulated, immemorial, unalterable
countries, which even in these modern days still preserve much of the
ghostly aboriginalness of earth's primal generations, when the memory of
the first man was a distinct recollection, and all men his descendants,
unknowing whence he came, eyed each other as real phantoms, and asked of
the sun and the moon why they were created and to what end; when though,
according to Genesis, the angels indeed consorted with the daughters of
men, the devils also, add the uncanonical Rabbins, indulged in mundane
amours.



CHAPTER 51. The Spirit-Spout.


Days, weeks passed, and under easy sail, the ivory Pequod had slowly
swept across four several cruising-grounds; that off the Azores; off the
Cape de Verdes; on the Plate (so called), being off the mouth of the
Rio de la Plata; and the Carrol Ground, an unstaked, watery locality,
southerly from St. Helena.

It was while gliding through these latter waters that one serene and
moonlight night, when all the waves rolled by like scrolls of silver;
and, by their soft, suffusing seethings, made what seemed a silvery
silence, not a solitude; on such a silent night a silvery jet was seen
far in advance of the white bubbles at the bow. Lit up by the moon, it
looked celestial; seemed some plumed and glittering god uprising from
the sea. Fedallah first descried this jet. For of these moonlight
nights, it was his wont to mount to the main-mast head, and stand a
look-out there, with the same precision as if it had been day. And yet,
though herds of whales were seen by night, not one whaleman in a hundred
would venture a lowering for them. You may think with what emotions,
then, the seamen beheld this old Oriental perched aloft at such unusual
hours; his turban and the moon, companions in one sky. But when, after
spending his uniform interval there for several successive nights
without uttering a single sound; when, after all this silence, his
unearthly voice was heard announcing that silvery, moon-lit jet, every
reclining mariner started to his feet as if some winged spirit had
lighted in the rigging, and hailed the mortal crew. "Sparty On! Michigan State blows out Penn State, 34-10. Spartans clinch 4th 10-win season in last 5 years. http://t.co/gbB4DAxpDb"
Had the trump of judgment blown, they could not have quivered more; yet
still they felt no terror; rather pleasure. For though it was a most
unwonted hour, yet so impressive was the cry, and so deliriously
exciting, that almost every soul on board instinctively desired a
lowering.

Walking the deck with quick, side-lunging strides, Ahab commanded the
t'gallant sails and royals to be set, and every stunsail spread. The
best man in the ship must take the helm. Then, with every mast-head
manned, the piled-up craft rolled down before the wind. The strange,
upheaving, lifting tendency of the taffrail breeze filling the hollows
of so many sails, made the buoyant, hovering deck to feel like air
beneath the feet; while still she rushed along, as if two antagonistic
influences were struggling in her--one to mount direct to heaven, the
other to drive yawingly to some horizontal goal. And had you watched
Ahab's face that night, you would have thought that in him also two
different things were warring. While his one live leg made lively echoes
along the deck, every stroke of his dead limb sounded like a coffin-tap.
On life and death this old man walked. But though the ship so swiftly
sped, and though from every eye, like arrows, the eager glances shot,
yet the silvery jet was no more seen that night. Every sailor swore he
saw it once, but not a second time.

This midnight-spout had almost grown a forgotten thing, when, some days
after, lo! at the same silent hour, it was again announced: again it
was descried by all; but upon making sail to overtake it, once more it
disappeared as if it had never been. And so it served us night after
night, till no one heeded it but to wonder at it. Mysteriously
jetted into the clear moonlight, or starlight, as the case might be;
disappearing again for one whole day, or two days, or three; and somehow
seeming at every distinct repetition to be advancing still further and
further in our van, this solitary jet seemed for ever alluring us on.

Nor with the immemorial superstition of their race, and in accordance
with the preternaturalness, as it seemed, which in many things invested
the Pequod, were there wanting some of the seamen who swore that
whenever and wherever descried; at however remote times, or in however
far apart latitudes and longitudes, that unnearable spout was cast
by one self-same whale; and that whale, Moby Dick. For a time, there
reigned, too, a sense of peculiar dread at this flitting apparition,
as if it were treacherously beckoning us on and on, in order that the
monster might turn round upon us, and rend us at last in the remotest
and most savage seas.

These temporary apprehensions, so vague but so awful, derived a wondrous
potency from the contrasting serenity of the weather, in which, beneath
all its blue blandness, some thought there lurked a devilish charm, as
for days and days we voyaged along, through seas so wearily, lonesomely
mild, that all space, in repugnance to our vengeful errand, seemed
vacating itself of life before our urn-like prow.

But, at last, when turning to the eastward, the Cape winds began howling
around us, and we rose and fell upon the long, troubled seas that are
there; when the ivory-tusked Pequod sharply bowed to the blast, and
gored the dark waves in her madness, till, like showers of silver chips,
the foam-flakes flew over her bulwarks; then all this desolate vacuity
of life went away, but gave place to sights more dismal than before.

Close to our bows, strange forms in the water darted hither and thither
before us; while thick in our rear flew the inscrutable sea-ravens. And
every morning, perched on our stays, rows of these birds were seen; and
spite of our hootings, for a long time obstinately clung to the hemp,
as though they deemed our ship some drifting, uninhabited craft; a thing
appointed to desolation, and therefore fit roosting-place for their
homeless selves. And heaved and heaved, still unrestingly heaved the
black sea, as if its vast tides were a conscience; and the great mundane
soul were in anguish and remorse for the long sin and suffering it had
bred.

Cape of Good Hope, do they call ye? Rather Cape Tormentoto, as called
of yore; for long allured by the perfidious silences that before had
attended us, we found ourselves launched into this tormented sea,
where guilty beings transformed into those fowls and these fish, seemed
condemned to swim on everlastingly without any haven in store, or beat
that black air without any horizon. But calm, snow-white, and unvarying;
still directing its fountain of feathers to the sky; still beckoning us
on from before, the solitary jet would at times be descried.

During all this blackness of the elements, Ahab, though assuming for the
time the almost continual command of the drenched and dangerous deck,
manifested the gloomiest reserve; and more seldom than ever addressed
his mates. In tempestuous times like these, after everything above and
aloft has been secured, nothing more can be done but passively to await
the issue of the gale. Then Captain and crew become practical fatalists.
So, with his ivory leg inserted into its accustomed hole, and with one
hand firmly grasping a shroud, Ahab for hours and hours would stand
gazing dead to windward, while an occasional squall of sleet or snow
would all but congeal his very eyelashes together. Meantime, the crew
driven from the forward part of the ship by the perilous seas that
burstingly broke over its bows, stood in a line along the bulwarks in
the waist; and the better to guard against the leaping waves, each man
had slipped himself into a sort of bowline secured to the rail, in which
he swung as in a loosened belt. Few or no words were spoken; and the
silent ship, as if manned by painted sailors in wax, day after day tore
on through all the swift madness and gladness of the demoniac waves.
By night the same muteness of humanity before the shrieks of the
ocean prevailed; still in silence the men swung in the bowlines; still
wordless Ahab stood up to the blast. Even when wearied nature seemed
demanding repose he would not seek that repose in his hammock. Never
could Starbuck forget the old man's aspect, when one night going down
into the cabin to mark how the barometer stood, he saw him with
closed eyes sitting straight in his floor-screwed chair; the rain
and half-melted sleet of the storm from which he had some time before
emerged, still slowly dripping from the unremoved hat and coat. On the
table beside him lay unrolled one of those charts of tides and currents
which have previously been spoken of. His lantern swung from his tightly
clenched hand. Though the body was erect, the head was thrown back so
that the closed eyes were pointed towards the needle of the tell-tale
that swung from a beam in the ceiling.*


*The cabin-compass is called the tell-tale, because without going to the
compass at the helm, the Captain, while below, can inform himself of the
course of the ship.


Terrible old man! thought Starbuck with a shudder, sleeping in this
gale, still thou steadfastly eyest thy purpose.



CHAPTER 52. The Albatross.


South-eastward from the Cape, off the distant Crozetts, a good cruising
ground for Right Whalemen, a sail loomed ahead, the Goney (Albatross)
by name. As she slowly drew nigh, from my lofty perch at the
fore-mast-head, I had a good view of that sight so remarkable to a tyro
in the far ocean fisheries--a whaler at sea, and long absent from home.

As if the waves had been fullers, this craft was bleached like the
skeleton of a stranded walrus. All down her sides, this spectral
appearance was traced with long channels of reddened rust, while all her
spars and her rigging were like the thick branches of trees furred over
with hoar-frost. Only her lower sails were set. A wild sight it was to
see her long-bearded look-outs at those three mast-heads. They seemed
clad in the skins of beasts, so torn and bepatched the raiment that had
survived nearly four years of cruising. Standing in iron hoops nailed to
the mast, they swayed and swung over a fathomless sea; and though, when
the ship slowly glided close under our stern, we six men in the air
came so nigh to each other that we might almost have leaped from the
mast-heads of one ship to those of the other; yet, those forlorn-looking
fishermen, mildly eyeing us as they passed, said not one word to our own
look-outs, while the quarter-deck hail was being heard from below.

"You could make $5000 from one pound of whale vomit! How? ---&gt; http://t.co/6Dq5Lrcdu3 http://t.co/OCR0QpzhdZ"

But as the strange captain, leaning over the pallid bulwarks, was in the
act of putting his trumpet to his mouth, it somehow fell from his hand
into the sea; and the wind now rising amain, he in vain strove to make
himself heard without it. Meantime his ship was still increasing the
distance between. While in various silent ways the seamen of the Pequod
were evincing their observance of this ominous incident at the first
mere mention of the White Whale's name to another ship, Ahab for a
moment paused; it almost seemed as though he would have lowered a boat
to board the stranger, had not the threatening wind forbade. But taking
advantage of his windward position, he again seized his trumpet, and
knowing by her aspect that the stranger vessel was a Nantucketer and
shortly bound home, he loudly hailed--"Song drops on soundcloud at 10pm Pacific Standard Time. RT if your ready! http://t.co/cKRFiLIKuw"

At that moment the two wakes were fairly crossed, and instantly, then,
in accordance with their singular ways, shoals of small harmless fish,
that for some days before had been placidly swimming by our side, darted
away with what seemed shuddering fins, and ranged themselves fore and
aft with the stranger's flanks. Though in the course of his continual
voyagings Ahab must often before have noticed a similar sight, yet, to
any monomaniac man, the veriest trifles capriciously carry meanings.

"swim swim swim! http://t.co/XhQp1Xg7Vs" murmured Ahab, gazing over into the water.
There seemed but little in the words, but the tone conveyed more of deep
helpless sadness than the insane old man had ever before evinced. But
turning to the steersman, who thus far had been holding the ship in the
wind to diminish her headway, he cried out in his old lion voice,--"Ryan Knight, a cast member on MTV's "Real World: New Orleans," has died. http://t.co/wHOF7f8xPJ http://t.co/RnRHV63RQI"

Round the world! There is much in that sound to inspire proud feelings;
but whereto does all that circumnavigation conduct? Only through
numberless perils to the very point whence we started, where those that
we left behind secure, were all the time before us.

Were this world an endless plain, and by sailing eastward we could for
ever reach new distances, and discover sights more sweet and strange
than any Cyclades or Islands of King Solomon, then there were promise
in the voyage. But in pursuit of those far mysteries we dream of, or in
tormented chase of that demon phantom that, some time or other, swims
before all human hearts; while chasing such over this round globe, they
either lead us on in barren mazes or midway leave us whelmed.



CHAPTER 53. The Gam.


The ostensible reason why Ahab did not go on board of the whaler we had
spoken was this: the wind and sea betokened storms. But even had
this not been the case, he would not after all, perhaps, have boarded
her--judging by his subsequent conduct on similar occasions--if so it
had been that, by the process of hailing, he had obtained a negative
answer to the question he put. For, as it eventually turned out, he
cared not to consort, even for five minutes, with any stranger captain,
except he could contribute some of that information he so absorbingly
sought. But all this might remain inadequately estimated, were not
something said here of the peculiar usages of whaling-vessels when
meeting each other in foreign seas, and especially on a common
cruising-ground.

If two strangers crossing the Pine Barrens in New York State, or the
equally desolate Salisbury Plain in England; if casually encountering
each other in such inhospitable wilds, these twain, for the life of
them, cannot well avoid a mutual salutation; and stopping for a moment
to interchange the news; and, perhaps, sitting down for a while
and resting in concert: then, how much more natural that upon the
illimitable Pine Barrens and Salisbury Plains of the sea, two whaling
vessels descrying each other at the ends of the earth--off lone
Fanning's Island, or the far away King's Mills; how much more natural,
I say, that under such circumstances these ships should not only
interchange hails, but come into still closer, more friendly and
sociable contact. And especially would this seem to be a matter of
course, in the case of vessels owned in one seaport, and whose captains,
officers, and not a few of the men are personally known to each other;
and consequently, have all sorts of dear domestic things to talk about.

For the long absent ship, the outward-bounder, perhaps, has letters on
board; at any rate, she will be sure to let her have some papers of a
date a year or two later than the last one on her blurred and thumb-worn
files. And in return for that courtesy, the outward-bound ship would
receive the latest whaling intelligence from the cruising-ground to
which she may be destined, a thing of the utmost importance to her. And
in degree, all this will hold true concerning whaling vessels crossing
each other's track on the cruising-ground itself, even though they
are equally long absent from home. For one of them may have received a
transfer of letters from some third, and now far remote vessel; and
some of those letters may be for the people of the ship she now meets.
Besides, they would exchange the whaling news, and have an agreeable
chat. For not only would they meet with all the sympathies of sailors,
but likewise with all the peculiar congenialities arising from a common
pursuit and mutually shared privations and perils.

Nor would difference of country make any very essential difference;
that is, so long as both parties speak one language, as is the case
with Americans and English. Though, to be sure, from the small number of
English whalers, such meetings do not very often occur, and when they
do occur there is too apt to be a sort of shyness between them; for your
Englishman is rather reserved, and your Yankee, he does not fancy that
sort of thing in anybody but himself. Besides, the English whalers
sometimes affect a kind of metropolitan superiority over the American
whalers; regarding the long, lean Nantucketer, with his nondescript
provincialisms, as a sort of sea-peasant. But where this superiority
in the English whalemen does really consist, it would be hard to say,
seeing that the Yankees in one day, collectively, kill more whales than
all the English, collectively, in ten years. But this is a harmless
little foible in the English whale-hunters, which the Nantucketer does
not take much to heart; probably, because he knows that he has a few
foibles himself.

So, then, we see that of all ships separately sailing the sea, the
whalers have most reason to be sociable--and they are so. Whereas, some
merchant ships crossing each other's wake in the mid-Atlantic, will
oftentimes pass on without so much as a single word of recognition,
mutually cutting each other on the high seas, like a brace of dandies in
Broadway; and all the time indulging, perhaps, in finical criticism upon
each other's rig. As for Men-of-War, when they chance to meet at sea,
they first go through such a string of silly bowings and scrapings, such
a ducking of ensigns, that there does not seem to be much right-down
hearty good-will and brotherly love about it at all. As touching
Slave-ships meeting, why, they are in such a prodigious hurry, they run
away from each other as soon as possible. And as for Pirates, when they
chance to cross each other's cross-bones, the first hail is--"Why don't people bombard violent cops and politicians with nonviolent doctrine? Why tell me abt it? I'm not out there cracking ppl's skulls"--the same way that whalers hail--"Something bout these barrels aye?
Taken by: @boywilliam http://t.co/FkZHaJr5DY" And that
question once answered, pirates straightway steer apart, for they are
infernal villains on both sides, and don't like to see overmuch of each
other's villanous likenesses.

But look at the godly, honest, unostentatious, hospitable, sociable,
free-and-easy whaler! What does the whaler do when she meets another
whaler in any sort of decent weather? She has a "。☆ ° ☆. 。
 。☆。★。☆。
 ★。＼｜／。★
°☆ FOLLOW ☆ °
  . ★°／ ↑ ＼°★ .
(¯`v´¯) 
.`•.¸.•´ 
 @M_A_Y_A_R_111
@mahaelhelwa
@kvvvkvvk
@gam_2015
@feetslave9" a thing so
utterly unknown to all other ships that they never heard of the name
even; and if by chance they should hear of it, they only grin at it, and
repeat gamesome stuff about "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" and "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" and such
like pretty exclamations. Why it is that all Merchant-seamen, and also
all Pirates and Man-of-War's men, and Slave-ship sailors, cherish such
a scornful feeling towards Whale-ships; this is a question it would be
hard to answer. Because, in the case of pirates, say, I should like to
know whether that profession of theirs has any peculiar glory about
it. It sometimes ends in uncommon elevation, indeed; but only at the
gallows. And besides, when a man is elevated in that odd fashion, he has
no proper foundation for his superior altitude. Hence, I conclude,
that in boasting himself to be high lifted above a whaleman, in that
assertion the pirate has no solid basis to stand on.

But what is a GAM? You might wear out your index-finger running up and
down the columns of dictionaries, and never find the word. Dr. Johnson
never attained to that erudition; Noah Webster's ark does not hold it.
Nevertheless, this same expressive word has now for many years been in
constant use among some fifteen thousand true born Yankees. Certainly,
it needs a definition, and should be incorporated into the Lexicon. With
that view, let me learnedly define it.

GAM. NOUN--A SOCIAL MEETING OF TWO (OR MORE) WHALESHIPS, GENERALLY ON A
CRUISING-GROUND; WHEN, AFTER EXCHANGING HAILS, THEY EXCHANGE VISITS BY
BOATS' CREWS; THE TWO CAPTAINS REMAINING, FOR THE TIME, ON BOARD OF ONE
SHIP, AND THE TWO CHIEF MATES ON THE OTHER.

There is another little item about Gamming which must not be forgotten
here. All professions have their own little peculiarities of detail; so
has the whale fishery. In a pirate, man-of-war, or slave ship, when
the captain is rowed anywhere in his boat, he always sits in the stern
sheets on a comfortable, sometimes cushioned seat there, and often
steers himself with a pretty little milliner's tiller decorated with
gay cords and ribbons. But the whale-boat has no seat astern, no sofa of
that sort whatever, and no tiller at all. High times indeed, if whaling
captains were wheeled about the water on castors like gouty old aldermen
in patent chairs. And as for a tiller, the whale-boat never admits of
any such effeminacy; and therefore as in gamming a complete boat's crew
must leave the ship, and hence as the boat steerer or harpooneer is of
the number, that subordinate is the steersman upon the occasion, and
the captain, having no place to sit in, is pulled off to his visit
all standing like a pine tree. And often you will notice that being
conscious of the eyes of the whole visible world resting on him from
the sides of the two ships, this standing captain is all alive to the
importance of sustaining his dignity by maintaining his legs. Nor is
this any very easy matter; for in his rear is the immense projecting
steering oar hitting him now and then in the small of his back, the
after-oar reciprocating by rapping his knees in front. He is thus
completely wedged before and behind, and can only expand himself
sideways by settling down on his stretched legs; but a sudden, violent
pitch of the boat will often go far to topple him, because length of
foundation is nothing without corresponding breadth. Merely make a
spread angle of two poles, and you cannot stand them up. Then, again,
it would never do in plain sight of the world's riveted eyes, it would
never do, I say, for this straddling captain to be seen steadying
himself the slightest particle by catching hold of anything with
his hands; indeed, as token of his entire, buoyant self-command, he
generally carries his hands in his trowsers' pockets; but perhaps being
generally very large, heavy hands, he carries them there for ballast.
Nevertheless there have occurred instances, well authenticated ones too,
where the captain has been known for an uncommonly critical moment or
two, in a sudden squall say--to seize hold of the nearest oarsman's
hair, and hold on there like grim death.



CHAPTER 54. The Town-Ho's Story.


(AS TOLD AT THE GOLDEN INN)


The Cape of Good Hope, and all the watery region round about there, is
much like some noted four corners of a great highway, where you meet
more travellers than in any other part.

It was not very long after speaking the Goney that another
homeward-bound whaleman, the Town-Ho,* was encountered. She was manned
almost wholly by Polynesians. In the short gam that ensued she gave
us strong news of Moby Dick. To some the general interest in the White
Whale was now wildly heightened by a circumstance of the Town-Ho's
story, which seemed obscurely to involve with the whale a certain
wondrous, inverted visitation of one of those so called judgments of God
which at times are said to overtake some men. This latter circumstance,
with its own particular accompaniments, forming what may be called the
secret part of the tragedy about to be narrated, never reached the ears
of Captain Ahab or his mates. For that secret part of the story was
unknown to the captain of the Town-Ho himself. It was the private
property of three confederate white seamen of that ship, one of whom, it
seems, communicated it to Tashtego with Romish injunctions of secrecy,
but the following night Tashtego rambled in his sleep, and revealed
so much of it in that way, that when he was wakened he could not well
withhold the rest. Nevertheless, so potent an influence did this thing
have on those seamen in the Pequod who came to the full knowledge of
it, and by such a strange delicacy, to call it so, were they governed in
this matter, that they kept the secret among themselves so that it never
transpired abaft the Pequod's main-mast. Interweaving in its proper
place this darker thread with the story as publicly narrated on the
ship, the whole of this strange affair I now proceed to put on lasting
record.


*The ancient whale-cry upon first sighting a whale from the mast-head,
still used by whalemen in hunting the famous Gallipagos terrapin.


For my humor's sake, I shall preserve the style in which I once narrated
it at Lima, to a lounging circle of my Spanish friends, one saint's eve,
smoking upon the thick-gilt tiled piazza of the Golden Inn. Of those
fine cavaliers, the young Dons, Pedro and Sebastian, were on the closer
terms with me; and hence the interluding questions they occasionally
put, and which are duly answered at the time.

"BIG Easter egg in 'GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY' still undiscovered teases James Gunn! #HYPE! http://t.co/mEF1bbTJHI"Though no small passage was before her, yet, if the commonest chance
favoured, he did not at all fear that his ship would founder by the way,
because his pumps were of the best, and being periodically relieved at
them, those six-and-thirty men of his could easily keep the ship free;
never mind if the leak should double on her. In truth, well nigh the
whole of this passage being attended by very prosperous breezes, the
Town-Ho had all but certainly arrived in perfect safety at her port
without the occurrence of the least fatality, had it not been for the
brutal overbearing of Radney, the mate, a Vineyarder, and the bitterly
provoked vengeance of Steelkilt, a Lakeman and desperado from Buffalo.

"Retweet because Li'l Sebastian. #ParksandRec"On the eastern shore of our Lake Erie, Don; but--I crave your
courtesy--may be, you shall soon hear further of all that. Now,
gentlemen, in square-sail brigs and three-masted ships, well-nigh as
large and stout as any that ever sailed out of your old Callao to far
Manilla; this Lakeman, in the land-locked heart of our America, had yet
been nurtured by all those agrarian freebooting impressions popularly
connected with the open ocean. For in their interflowing aggregate,
those grand fresh-water seas of ours,--Erie, and Ontario, and Huron, and
Superior, and Michigan,--possess an ocean-like expansiveness, with many
of the ocean's noblest traits; with many of its rimmed varieties of
races and of climes. They contain round archipelagoes of romantic isles,
even as the Polynesian waters do; in large part, are shored by two great
contrasting nations, as the Atlantic is; they furnish long maritime
approaches to our numerous territorial colonies from the East, dotted
all round their banks; here and there are frowned upon by batteries,
and by the goat-like craggy guns of lofty Mackinaw; they have heard the
fleet thunderings of naval victories; at intervals, they yield their
beaches to wild barbarians, whose red painted faces flash from out
their peltry wigwams; for leagues and leagues are flanked by ancient
and unentered forests, where the gaunt pines stand like serried lines
of kings in Gothic genealogies; those same woods harboring wild Afric
beasts of prey, and silken creatures whose exported furs give robes
to Tartar Emperors; they mirror the paved capitals of Buffalo and
Cleveland, as well as Winnebago villages; they float alike the
full-rigged merchant ship, the armed cruiser of the State, the steamer,
and the beech canoe; they are swept by Borean and dismasting blasts as
direful as any that lash the salted wave; they know what shipwrecks are,
for out of sight of land, however inland, they have drowned full many
a midnight ship with all its shrieking crew. Thus, gentlemen, though
an inlander, Steelkilt was wild-ocean born, and wild-ocean nurtured;
as much of an audacious mariner as any. And for Radney, though in his
infancy he may have laid him down on the lone Nantucket beach, to nurse
at his maternal sea; though in after life he had long followed our
austere Atlantic and your contemplative Pacific; yet was he quite as
vengeful and full of social quarrel as the backwoods seaman, fresh
from the latitudes of buck-horn handled bowie-knives. Yet was this
Nantucketer a man with some good-hearted traits; and this Lakeman, a
mariner, who though a sort of devil indeed, might yet by inflexible
firmness, only tempered by that common decency of human recognition
which is the meanest slave's right; thus treated, this Steelkilt had
long been retained harmless and docile. At all events, he had proved
so thus far; but Radney was doomed and made mad, and Steelkilt--but,
gentlemen, you shall hear.

"Quite a considerable number of British people have been trafficked within the UK borders and overseas, @the_mcquade, @Anti_Slavery #r4today"Much this way had it been with the Town-Ho; so when her leak was found
gaining once more, there was in truth some small concern manifested by
several of her company; especially by Radney the mate. He commanded
the upper sails to be well hoisted, sheeted home anew, and every way
expanded to the breeze. Now this Radney, I suppose, was as little of a
coward, and as little inclined to any sort of nervous apprehensiveness
touching his own person as any fearless, unthinking creature on land or
on sea that you can conveniently imagine, gentlemen. Therefore when
he betrayed this solicitude about the safety of the ship, some of the
seamen declared that it was only on account of his being a part owner in
her. So when they were working that evening at the pumps, there was on
this head no small gamesomeness slily going on among them, as they stood
with their feet continually overflowed by the rippling clear water;
clear as any mountain spring, gentlemen--that bubbling from the pumps
ran across the deck, and poured itself out in steady spouts at the lee
scupper-holes.

"MT "@kelo3adi: #Egypt today takes to the streets - significantly larger protests witnessed (Fayoum) http://t.co/7FiLfUBK45" #Nov28 #AntiCoup"Espying the mate drawing near as he was toiling at the pump with the
rest, the Lakeman affected not to notice him, but unawed, went on with
his gay banterings.

"But what happened to Justin getting glasses, I was actually looking forward to that, lol

#MTVStars Justin Bieber"'Damn your eyes! what's that pump stopping for?' roared Radney,
pretending not to have heard the sailors' talk. 'Thunder away at it!'

"Video: Footage shows blaze still burning at 'large' London fire - 10 fire engines at the scene http://t.co/gRjkKVcB0B http://t.co/mZCVGMSIod"Quitting the pump at last, with the rest of his band, the Lakeman went
forward all panting, and sat himself down on the windlass; his face
fiery red, his eyes bloodshot, and wiping the profuse sweat from his
brow. Now what cozening fiend it was, gentlemen, that possessed Radney
to meddle with such a man in that corporeally exasperated state, I know
not; but so it happened. Intolerably striding along the deck, the mate
commanded him to get a broom and sweep down the planks, and also a
shovel, and remove some offensive matters consequent upon allowing a pig
to run at large.

"#Taurus downside? They are sometimes prone to hedonism, laziness, inflexibility, jealousy, and antipathy."But there was more than this: the order about the shovel was almost as
plainly meant to sting and insult Steelkilt, as though Radney had spat
in his face. Any man who has gone sailor in a whale-ship will
understand this; and all this and doubtless much more, the Lakeman fully
comprehended when the mate uttered his command. But as he sat still for
a moment, and as he steadfastly looked into the mate's malignant eye and
perceived the stacks of powder-casks heaped up in him and the slow-match
silently burning along towards them; as he instinctively saw all
this, that strange forbearance and unwillingness to stir up the deeper
passionateness in any already ireful being--a repugnance most felt, when
felt at all, by really valiant men even when aggrieved--this nameless
phantom feeling, gentlemen, stole over Steelkilt.

"Queens, speak to the God in your King. Use your words to adorn him. Build him up. Support him. Love him unconditionally."Heated and irritated as he was by his spasmodic toil at the pumps, for
all his first nameless feeling of forbearance the sweating Steelkilt
could but ill brook this bearing in the mate; but somehow still
smothering the conflagration within him, without speaking he remained
doggedly rooted to his seat, till at last the incensed Radney shook the
hammer within a few inches of his face, furiously commanding him to do
his bidding.

"In a 2014 study, researchers found that women were able to deliberately manipulate their voices to sound more attractive. Men could not."'Mr. Radney, I will not obey you. Take that hammer away, or look to
yourself.' But the predestinated mate coming still closer to him, where
the Lakeman stood fixed, now shook the heavy hammer within an inch of
his teeth; meanwhile repeating a string of insufferable maledictions.
Retreating not the thousandth part of an inch; stabbing him in the eye
with the unflinching poniard of his glance, Steelkilt, clenching
his right hand behind him and creepingly drawing it back, told his
persecutor that if the hammer but grazed his cheek he (Steelkilt) would
murder him. But, gentlemen, the fool had been branded for the slaughter
by the gods. Immediately the hammer touched the cheek; the next instant
the lower jaw of the mate was stove in his head; he fell on the hatch
spouting blood like a whale.

"if you're in a bad mood just imagine Marilyn Manson standing on a rickety ladder putting Christmas lights on his house"'Canallers!' cried Don Pedro. 'We have seen many whale-ships in our
harbours, but never heard of your Canallers. Pardon: who and what are
they?'

"In late 1800s a shuttle full of chimpanzees belonging to Planet Apes landed on earth. They left &amp; forgot a certain Pervert Rasheed on earth."'Nay, Senor; hereabouts in this dull, warm, most lazy, and hereditary
land, we know but little of your vigorous North.'

"somewhere between Jesus dying on the cross and a giant bunny hiding eggs there seems to be a gap of information"For three hundred and sixty miles, gentlemen, through the entire
breadth of the state of New York; through numerous populous cities and
most thriving villages; through long, dismal, uninhabited swamps, and
affluent, cultivated fields, unrivalled for fertility; by billiard-room
and bar-room; through the holy-of-holies of great forests; on Roman
arches over Indian rivers; through sun and shade; by happy hearts or
broken; through all the wide contrasting scenery of those noble Mohawk
counties; and especially, by rows of snow-white chapels, whose spires
stand almost like milestones, flows one continual stream of Venetianly
corrupt and often lawless life. There's your true Ashantee, gentlemen;
there howl your pagans; where you ever find them, next door to you;
under the long-flung shadow, and the snug patronising lee of churches.
For by some curious fatality, as it is often noted of your metropolitan
freebooters that they ever encamp around the halls of justice, so
sinners, gentlemen, most abound in holiest vicinities.

"The FIA have accused Red Bull of having front wing flaps(arrowed) flexing downwards at speed. http://t.co/EoK3UvVpX0"'Well for our northern friend, Dame Isabella's Inquisition wanes in
Lima,' laughed Don Sebastian. 'Proceed, Senor.'

"Yes, a gallon of oil is now cheaper than a gallon of milk. But don't try substituting them."Corrupt as
Lima."#Sagittarius think that possibilities are endless and will make opportunities plentiful."Corrupt as Lima."Trailer: NBC Miniseries 'A.D.' (John the Evangelist &amp; Mary Magdalene Played by Black Actors) http://t.co/uGXF6DNEVZ http://t.co/8lvVuK17Uy"Freely depicted in his own vocation, gentlemen, the Canaller would make
a fine dramatic hero, so abundantly and picturesquely wicked is he. Like
Mark Antony, for days and days along his green-turfed, flowery Nile,
he indolently floats, openly toying with his red-cheeked Cleopatra,
ripening his apricot thigh upon the sunny deck. But ashore, all this
effeminacy is dashed. The brigandish guise which the Canaller so proudly
sports; his slouched and gaily-ribboned hat betoken his grand features.
A terror to the smiling innocence of the villages through which he
floats; his swart visage and bold swagger are not unshunned in cities.
Once a vagabond on his own canal, I have received good turns from one of
these Canallers; I thank him heartily; would fain be not ungrateful;
but it is often one of the prime redeeming qualities of your man of
violence, that at times he has as stiff an arm to back a poor stranger
in a strait, as to plunder a wealthy one. In sum, gentlemen, what the
wildness of this canal life is, is emphatically evinced by this; that
our wild whale-fishery contains so many of its most finished graduates,
and that scarce any race of mankind, except Sydney men, are so much
distrusted by our whaling captains. Nor does it at all diminish the
curiousness of this matter, that to many thousands of our rural boys and
young men born along its line, the probationary life of the Grand Canal
furnishes the sole transition between quietly reaping in a Christian
corn-field, and recklessly ploughing the waters of the most barbaric
seas.

"Early days, but hints of winter's first blow in about a week. Probably brief &amp; not significant, but #uksnow possible on hills. Stay tuned."I left off, gentlemen, where the Lakeman shook the backstay. Hardly
had he done so, when he was surrounded by the three junior mates and the
four harpooneers, who all crowded him to the deck. But sliding down the
ropes like baleful comets, the two Canallers rushed into the uproar, and
sought to drag their man out of it towards the forecastle. Others of the
sailors joined with them in this attempt, and a twisted turmoil ensued;
while standing out of harm's way, the valiant captain danced up and down
with a whale-pike, calling upon his officers to manhandle that atrocious
scoundrel, and smoke him along to the quarter-deck. At intervals, he ran
close up to the revolving border of the confusion, and prying into
the heart of it with his pike, sought to prick out the object of his
resentment. But Steelkilt and his desperadoes were too much for them
all; they succeeded in gaining the forecastle deck, where, hastily
slewing about three or four large casks in a line with the windlass,
these sea-Parisians entrenched themselves behind the barricade.

"Boko Haram kill 48 fishermen. They cut the throats of some and drowned others. Where does all this end? Nigeria kaput?"Steelkilt leaped on the barricade, and striding up and down there,
defied the worst the pistols could do; but gave the captain to
understand distinctly, that his (Steelkilt's) death would be the signal
for a murderous mutiny on the part of all hands. Fearing in his heart
lest this might prove but too true, the captain a little desisted, but
still commanded the insurgents instantly to return to their duty.

"That @TeamEnVyUs reaction to beating Denial.  Nice comeback @Clayster @NAMELESS @JKaplan_nV @MerK_nV @hastr0 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; http://t.co/lhgsUCjPQC"'Turn to! turn to!--I make no promise;--to your duty! Do you want to
sink the ship, by knocking off at a time like this? Turn to!' and he
once more raised a pistol.

"Left wing activists who banned #Ukip from UEA campus sld help boost audience numbers when I speak there in new year. Thanks comrades!"The Lakeman now patrolled the barricade, all the while keeping his eye
on the Captain, and jerking out such sentences as these:--'It's not our
fault; we didn't want it; I told him to take his hammer away; it was
boy's business; he might have known me before this; I told him not to
prick the buffalo; I believe I have broken a finger here against his
cursed jaw; ain't those mincing knives down in the forecastle there,
men? look to those handspikes, my hearties. Captain, by God, look to
yourself; say the word; don't be a fool; forget it all; we are ready
to turn to; treat us decently, and we're your men; but we won't be
flogged.'

"Harimau Malaya's star promises to give something special against Singapore http://t.co/nXnMyH2qc7 http://t.co/VXCeS6yhKk"'Look ye, now,' cried the Lakeman, flinging out his arm towards him,
'there are a few of us here (and I am one of them) who have shipped
for the cruise, d'ye see; now as you well know, sir, we can claim our
discharge as soon as the anchor is down; so we don't want a row; it's
not our interest; we want to be peaceable; we are ready to work, but we
won't be flogged.'

"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"Steelkilt glanced round him a moment, and then said:--'I tell you what
it is now, Captain, rather than kill ye, and be hung for such a shabby
rascal, we won't lift a hand against ye unless ye attack us; but till
you say the word about not flogging us, we don't do a hand's turn.'

"Brooklyn Duo did a cover of Blank Space that makes it sound like a song people should walk down the aisle to. http://t.co/3V97Etc0fq"'Shall we?' cried the ringleader to his men. Most of them were against
it; but at length, in obedience to Steelkilt, they preceded him down
into their dark den, growlingly disappearing, like bears into a cave.

"So just gonna launch this barricade at the po-lice 😂😂😂😂😂😂 http://t.co/jG4MGLHcHp"Then opening the slide a little, the Captain whispered something
down the crack, closed it, and turned the key upon them--ten in
number--leaving on deck some twenty or more, who thus far had remained
neutral.

"#Gemini day starts backwards... they wake up tired and they go to bed wide awake."At sunrise the Captain went forward, and knocking on the deck, summoned
the prisoners to work; but with a yell they refused. Water was then
lowered down to them, and a couple of handfuls of biscuit were tossed
after it; when again turning the key upon them and pocketing it, the
Captain returned to the quarter-deck. Twice every day for three days
this was repeated; but on the fourth morning a confused wrangling, and
then a scuffling was heard, as the customary summons was delivered; and
suddenly four men burst up from the forecastle, saying they were ready
to turn to. The fetid closeness of the air, and a famishing diet, united
perhaps to some fears of ultimate retribution, had constrained them to
surrender at discretion. Emboldened by this, the Captain reiterated his
demand to the rest, but Steelkilt shouted up to him a terrific hint to
stop his babbling and betake himself where he belonged. On the fifth
morning three others of the mutineers bolted up into the air from the
desperate arms below that sought to restrain them. Only three were left.

"Those who are heartless, once cared too much."'Shut us up again, will ye!' cried Steelkilt.

"he could play off any role, if you're Hispanic you certainly might know him. rest in peace 😢 http://t.co/6VgtZ2uSCe"It was at this point, gentlemen, that enraged by the defection of seven
of his former associates, and stung by the mocking voice that had last
hailed him, and maddened by his long entombment in a place as black as
the bowels of despair; it was then that Steelkilt proposed to the two
Canallers, thus far apparently of one mind with him, to burst out of
their hole at the next summoning of the garrison; and armed with their
keen mincing knives (long, crescentic, heavy implements with a handle
at each end) run amuck from the bowsprit to the taffrail; and if by any
devilishness of desperation possible, seize the ship. For himself, he
would do this, he said, whether they joined him or not. That was the
last night he should spend in that den. But the scheme met with no
opposition on the part of the other two; they swore they were ready for
that, or for any other mad thing, for anything in short but a surrender.
And what was more, they each insisted upon being the first man on deck,
when the time to make the rush should come. But to this their leader as
fiercely objected, reserving that priority for himself; particularly as
his two comrades would not yield, the one to the other, in the matter;
and both of them could not be first, for the ladder would but admit one
man at a time. And here, gentlemen, the foul play of these miscreants
must come out.

"Beautiful people. You have unlocked this through hard work and determination. 

😊 

ENJOY http://t.co/fCP2eed6SU

BUY http://t.co/hS8iZmh18M"Thinking murder at hand, and smelling in the dark for the blood, he and
all his armed mates and harpooneers rushed for the forecastle. In a
few minutes the scuttle was opened, and, bound hand and foot, the still
struggling ringleader was shoved up into the air by his perfidious
allies, who at once claimed the honour of securing a man who had been
fully ripe for murder. But all these were collared, and dragged along
the deck like dead cattle; and, side by side, were seized up into the
mizzen rigging, like three quarters of meat, and there they hung till
morning. 'Damn ye,' cried the Captain, pacing to and fro before them,
'the vultures would not touch ye, ye villains!'

"Close round 1. Thought Saunders edged it. #boxing #SaundersEubankJr"'But as for you, ye carrion rogues,' turning to the three men in the
rigging--'for you, I mean to mince ye up for the try-pots;' and,
seizing a rope, he applied it with all his might to the backs of the
two traitors, till they yelled no more, but lifelessly hung their heads
sideways, as the two crucified thieves are drawn.

"Police refused to give Tamir Rice first aid. He was still alive. Minutes later FBI agent pulled up and did it himself http://t.co/NRHJ68udWj"For a moment the exhausted mutineer made a tremulous motion of his
cramped jaws, and then painfully twisting round his head, said in a sort
of hiss, 'What I say is this--and mind it well--if you flog me, I murder
you!'

"Today:
- Ale 
- Tantrums
- Frighten nobility
- Make Parliament wet themselves
- Violent stomping about
- Angry lute strumming
- Pud"'Best not,' hissed the Lakeman.

"The best part of black Friday? it must be that it's time for #FreebieFriday! RT and follow to #win all you see! http://t.co/PFVHjVNMRY"Steelkilt here hissed out something, inaudible to all but the Captain;
who, to the amazement of all hands, started back, paced the deck rapidly
two or three times, and then suddenly throwing down his rope, said, 'I
won't do it--let him go--cut him down: d'ye hear?'

"if i ever tell u that something is my favorite song dont listen to me im a liar i have more favorite songs than there are babies in china"'You are a coward!' hissed the Lakeman.

"These #Ferguson cartoons compiled by @comicriffs are intense: http://t.co/TYg4E1aCHT http://t.co/solUQGOhGp"Just after dark that day, when one watch had retired below, a clamor
was heard in the forecastle; and the two trembling traitors running up,
besieged the cabin door, saying they durst not consort with the crew.
Entreaties, cuffs, and kicks could not drive them back, so at their own
instance they were put down in the ship's run for salvation. Still, no
sign of mutiny reappeared among the rest. On the contrary, it seemed,
that mainly at Steelkilt's instigation, they had resolved to maintain
the strictest peacefulness, obey all orders to the last, and, when the
ship reached port, desert her in a body. But in order to insure the
speediest end to the voyage, they all agreed to another thing--namely,
not to sing out for whales, in case any should be discovered. For,
spite of her leak, and spite of all her other perils, the Town-Ho still
maintained her mast-heads, and her captain was just as willing to
lower for a fish that moment, as on the day his craft first struck the
cruising ground; and Radney the mate was quite as ready to change his
berth for a boat, and with his bandaged mouth seek to gag in death the
vital jaw of the whale.

"The United States for better or worse will ALWAYS have to Maintain some sort of Systematically oppressed underclass to support it."During the night, Radney had an unseamanlike way of sitting on the
bulwarks of the quarter-deck, and leaning his arm upon the gunwale of
the boat which was hoisted up there, a little above the ship's side.
In this attitude, it was well known, he sometimes dozed. There was a
considerable vacancy between the boat and the ship, and down between
this was the sea. Steelkilt calculated his time, and found that his next
trick at the helm would come round at two o'clock, in the morning of the
third day from that in which he had been betrayed. At his leisure,
he employed the interval in braiding something very carefully in his
watches below.

"An American sailor being inked by a shipmate aboard USS New Jersey http://t.co/ddMPvp8NLk"'What do you think? what does it look like?'

"Grab your lanyard! Koenig is back on Marvel's #AgentsofSHIELD this Tuesday...but which Koenig is it? http://t.co/lLAoNVmzfh"'Yes, rather oddish,' said the Lakeman, holding it at arm's length
before him; 'but I think it will answer. Shipmate, I haven't enough
twine,--have you any?'

"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu"'Then I must get some from old Rad;' and he rose to go aft.

"Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes"'Why not? Do you think he won't do me a turn, when it's to help himself
in the end, shipmate?' and going to the mate, he looked at him
quietly, and asked him for some twine to mend his hammock. It was given
him--neither twine nor lanyard were seen again; but the next night
an iron ball, closely netted, partly rolled from the pocket of the
Lakeman's monkey jacket, as he was tucking the coat into his hammock for
a pillow. Twenty-four hours after, his trick at the silent helm--nigh
to the man who was apt to doze over the grave always ready dug to
the seaman's hand--that fatal hour was then to come; and in the
fore-ordaining soul of Steelkilt, the mate was already stark and
stretched as a corpse, with his forehead crushed in.

"#EXO #DO Puts On Mysterious Gaze in Fashion Shoot for ELLE Magazine
http://t.co/IQ5RtLHrf3 http://t.co/N2eyvcfNdT"It was just between daybreak and sunrise of the morning of the second
day, when they were washing down the decks, that a stupid Teneriffe man,
drawing water in the main-chains, all at once shouted out, 'There she
rolls! there she rolls!' Jesu, what a whale! It was Moby Dick.

"Retweet because Li'l Sebastian. #ParksandRec"'A very white, and famous, and most deadly immortal monster, Don;--but
that would be too long a story.'

"Is there a Spanish Nigel Farage convincing gullible, racist Spaniards that all their social woes are due to Brit expats on the Costa Brava?"'Nay, Dons, Dons--nay, nay! I cannot rehearse that now. Let me get more
into the air, Sirs.'

"Vigorous debate on my FB page, http://t.co/kF7DP49HuF, about my latest "When Whites Just Don't Get It" column: http://t.co/OxGGEDS68q"No need, gentlemen; one moment, and I proceed.--Now, gentlemen,
so suddenly perceiving the snowy whale within fifty yards of the
ship--forgetful of the compact among the crew--in the excitement of the
moment, the Teneriffe man had instinctively and involuntarily lifted
his voice for the monster, though for some little time past it had been
plainly beheld from the three sullen mast-heads. All was now a phrensy.
'The White Whale--the White Whale!' was the cry from captain, mates,
and harpooneers, who, undeterred by fearful rumours, were all anxious
to capture so famous and precious a fish; while the dogged crew eyed
askance, and with curses, the appalling beauty of the vast milky mass,
that lit up by a horizontal spangling sun, shifted and glistened like
a living opal in the blue morning sea. Gentlemen, a strange fatality
pervades the whole career of these events, as if verily mapped out
before the world itself was charted. The mutineer was the bowsman of the
mate, and when fast to a fish, it was his duty to sit next him, while
Radney stood up with his lance in the prow, and haul in or slacken
the line, at the word of command. Moreover, when the four boats were
lowered, the mate's got the start; and none howled more fiercely with
delight than did Steelkilt, as he strained at his oar. After a stiff
pull, their harpooneer got fast, and, spear in hand, Radney sprang to
the bow. He was always a furious man, it seems, in a boat. And now his
bandaged cry was, to beach him on the whale's topmost back. Nothing
loath, his bowsman hauled him up and up, through a blinding foam that
blent two whitenesses together; till of a sudden the boat struck as
against a sunken ledge, and keeling over, spilled out the standing mate.
That instant, as he fell on the whale's slippery back, the boat righted,
and was dashed aside by the swell, while Radney was tossed over into the
sea, on the other flank of the whale. He struck out through the spray,
and, for an instant, was dimly seen through that veil, wildly seeking to
remove himself from the eye of Moby Dick. But the whale rushed round
in a sudden maelstrom; seized the swimmer between his jaws; and rearing
high up with him, plunged headlong again, and went down.

"#Mexico: Drop charges &amp; urgently release 11 held for protest over disappeared students http://t.co/CrjyTvJxdV http://t.co/D9LO7GEBPe"In good time, the Town-Ho reached her port--a savage, solitary
place--where no civilized creature resided. There, headed by the
Lakeman, all but five or six of the foremastmen deliberately deserted
among the palms; eventually, as it turned out, seizing a large double
war-canoe of the savages, and setting sail for some other harbor.

"The arrival of #IslamicState reinforcement to make a final push in Ayn Al-Islam against #YPG-#PKK militia. http://t.co/xTjNQWXnnz"On the fourth day of the sail, a large canoe was descried, which seemed
to have touched at a low isle of corals. He steered away from it; but
the savage craft bore down on him; and soon the voice of Steelkilt
hailed him to heave to, or he would run him under water. The captain
presented a pistol. With one foot on each prow of the yoked war-canoes,
the Lakeman laughed him to scorn; assuring him that if the pistol so
much as clicked in the lock, he would bury him in bubbles and foam.

"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"'Where are you bound? and for what are you bound?' demanded Steelkilt;
'no lies.'

"Crystal Clear Water, Tahiti http://t.co/jOhIqexoUy"'Very good. Let me board you a moment--I come in peace.' With that he
leaped from the canoe, swam to the boat; and climbing the gunwale, stood
face to face with the captain.

"THIS JUST IN: Red Lightning warming up on the sidelines after Jameis Winston throws second INT. http://t.co/ySQ4OYuiWw"'A pretty scholar,' laughed the Lakeman. 'Adios, Senor!' and leaping
into the sea, he swam back to his comrades.

"Everyone in the left lane has seen Final Destination 😂 http://t.co/tIAHrjHPG3"Some ten days after the French ships sailed, the whale-boat arrived,
and the captain was forced to enlist some of the more civilized
Tahitians, who had been somewhat used to the sea. Chartering a small
native schooner, he returned with them to his vessel; and finding all
right there, again resumed his cruisings.

"ladies and gentlemen 
the man with the prettiest hair 
washes his hair in the sink 

#MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/lgpRyFxJEh"'Are you through?' said Don Sebastian, quietly.

"Spending a lil more time with my baby cousins before I leave. I don't wanna go home 😔 xomaddiebearxo 💜 http://t.co/ozkKLyl8aS"'Then I entreat you, tell me if to the best of your own convictions,
this your story is in substance really true? It is so passing wonderful!
Did you get it from an unquestionable source? Bear with me if I seem to
press.'

"Our weekly #F1 storyboard. Sebastian Vettel’s final race weekend with the Team. #DankeSeb #F1 http://t.co/cx7Apk1xIK"'Is there a copy of the Holy Evangelists in the Golden Inn, gentlemen?'

"Retweet because Li'l Sebastian. #ParksandRec"'Will you be so good as to bring the priest also, Don?'

"🎶Feels like the sky is watching you and I. The stars tonight have NEVER shined this bright! Silhouettes In The Moonlight🌙 #AWBAH 12/9💋"'Excuse me for running after you, Don Sebastian; but may I also beg
that you will be particular in procuring the largest sized Evangelists
you can.'

"I humbly ask all Missionaries and evangelists to stop luring poor Hindus through forcible conversion. Follow Bharathiya not Roman Culture."'Let me remove my hat. Now, venerable priest, further into the light,
and hold the Holy Book before me that I may touch it.

"ladies and gentlemen 
the man with the prettiest hair 
washes his hair in the sink 

#MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/lgpRyFxJEh"



CHAPTER 55. Of the Monstrous Pictures of Whales.


I shall ere long paint to you as well as one can without canvas,
something like the true form of the whale as he actually appears to the
eye of the whaleman when in his own absolute body the whale is moored
alongside the whale-ship so that he can be fairly stepped upon there.
It may be worth while, therefore, previously to advert to those
curious imaginary portraits of him which even down to the present day
confidently challenge the faith of the landsman. It is time to set the
world right in this matter, by proving such pictures of the whale all
wrong.

It may be that the primal source of all those pictorial delusions will
be found among the oldest Hindoo, Egyptian, and Grecian sculptures. For
ever since those inventive but unscrupulous times when on the marble
panellings of temples, the pedestals of statues, and on shields,
medallions, cups, and coins, the dolphin was drawn in scales of
chain-armor like Saladin's, and a helmeted head like St. George's; ever
since then has something of the same sort of license prevailed, not
only in most popular pictures of the whale, but in many scientific
presentations of him.

Now, by all odds, the most ancient extant portrait anyways purporting to
be the whale's, is to be found in the famous cavern-pagoda of Elephanta,
in India. The Brahmins maintain that in the almost endless sculptures of
that immemorial pagoda, all the trades and pursuits, every conceivable
avocation of man, were prefigured ages before any of them actually came
into being. No wonder then, that in some sort our noble profession of
whaling should have been there shadowed forth. The Hindoo whale
referred to, occurs in a separate department of the wall, depicting the
incarnation of Vishnu in the form of leviathan, learnedly known as the
Matse Avatar. But though this sculpture is half man and half whale, so
as only to give the tail of the latter, yet that small section of him is
all wrong. It looks more like the tapering tail of an anaconda, than the
broad palms of the true whale's majestic flukes.

But go to the old Galleries, and look now at a great Christian painter's
portrait of this fish; for he succeeds no better than the antediluvian
Hindoo. It is Guido's picture of Perseus rescuing Andromeda from the
sea-monster or whale. Where did Guido get the model of such a strange
creature as that? Nor does Hogarth, in painting the same scene in his
own "This is what a cloud of butterflies descending upon the Tucavaca Valley in eastern Bolivia look like. http://t.co/sTFOwGV0fW" make out one whit better. The huge corpulence
of that Hogarthian monster undulates on the surface, scarcely drawing
one inch of water. It has a sort of howdah on its back, and its
distended tusked mouth into which the billows are rolling, might be
taken for the Traitors' Gate leading from the Thames by water into the
Tower. Then, there are the Prodromus whales of old Scotch Sibbald, and
Jonah's whale, as depicted in the prints of old Bibles and the cuts of
old primers. What shall be said of these? As for the book-binder's whale
winding like a vine-stalk round the stock of a descending anchor--as
stamped and gilded on the backs and title-pages of many books both
old and new--that is a very picturesque but purely fabulous creature,
imitated, I take it, from the like figures on antique vases.
Though universally denominated a dolphin, I nevertheless call this
book-binder's fish an attempt at a whale; because it was so intended
when the device was first introduced. It was introduced by an old
Italian publisher somewhere about the 15th century, during the Revival
of Learning; and in those days, and even down to a comparatively
late period, dolphins were popularly supposed to be a species of the
Leviathan.

In the vignettes and other embellishments of some ancient books you will
at times meet with very curious touches at the whale, where all manner
of spouts, jets d'eau, hot springs and cold, Saratoga and Baden-Baden,
come bubbling up from his unexhausted brain. In the title-page of the
original edition of the ""I think you're drinking too much."

I think your judgement is inhibiting the advancement of America's youth." you will find some
curious whales.

But quitting all these unprofessional attempts, let us glance at those
pictures of leviathan purporting to be sober, scientific delineations,
by those who know. In old Harris's collection of voyages there are some
plates of whales extracted from a Dutch book of voyages, A.D. 1671,
entitled "I'm glad Ray Rice has the opportunity to play in the NFL again. Now they gotta get Adrian Peterson reinstated too" In one of those plates the
whales, like great rafts of logs, are represented lying among ice-isles,
with white bears running over their living backs. In another plate, the
prodigious blunder is made of representing the whale with perpendicular
flukes.

Then again, there is an imposing quarto, written by one Captain Colnett,
a Post Captain in the English navy, entitled "Like Seafood? Commercial Fisheries could be gone by 2048
http://t.co/lqzEodZCvW #ocean #marine http://t.co/PAxwPI8hx9" In this book is an outline purporting to be a "When your friend takes an ugly picture of you 😂 http://t.co/VHpQ1pcn1U" I doubt not the
captain had this veracious picture taken for the benefit of his marines.
To mention but one thing about it, let me say that it has an eye which
applied, according to the accompanying scale, to a full grown sperm
whale, would make the eye of that whale a bow-window some five feet
long. Ah, my gallant captain, why did ye not give us Jonah looking out
of that eye!

Nor are the most conscientious compilations of Natural History for
the benefit of the young and tender, free from the same heinousness of
mistake. Look at that popular work "ITV have agreed to run a Crimewatch style debate. Let's hope they will use Jon Mann, Simon Danczuk, Zak Goldsmith etc. Appeal for witnesses." In the
abridged London edition of 1807, there are plates of an alleged "Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip"
and a "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" I do not wish to seem inelegant, but this unsightly
whale looks much like an amputated sow; and, as for the narwhale, one
glimpse at it is enough to amaze one, that in this nineteenth century
such a hippogriff could be palmed for genuine upon any intelligent
public of schoolboys.

Then, again, in 1825, Bernard Germain, Count de Lacepede, a great
naturalist, published a scientific systemized whale book, wherein are
several pictures of the different species of the Leviathan. All these
are not only incorrect, but the picture of the Mysticetus or Greenland
whale (that is to say, the Right whale), even Scoresby, a long
experienced man as touching that species, declares not to have its
counterpart in nature.

But the placing of the cap-sheaf to all this blundering business was
reserved for the scientific Frederick Cuvier, brother to the famous
Baron. In 1836, he published a Natural History of Whales, in which he
gives what he calls a picture of the Sperm Whale. Before showing that
picture to any Nantucketer, you had best provide for your summary
retreat from Nantucket. In a word, Frederick Cuvier's Sperm Whale is not
a Sperm Whale, but a squash. Of course, he never had the benefit of
a whaling voyage (such men seldom have), but whence he derived that
picture, who can tell? Perhaps he got it as his scientific predecessor
in the same field, Desmarest, got one of his authentic abortions; that
is, from a Chinese drawing. And what sort of lively lads with the pencil
those Chinese are, many queer cups and saucers inform us.

As for the sign-painters' whales seen in the streets hanging over the
shops of oil-dealers, what shall be said of them? They are generally
Richard III. whales, with dromedary humps, and very savage; breakfasting
on three or four sailor tarts, that is whaleboats full of mariners:
their deformities floundering in seas of blood and blue paint.

But these manifold mistakes in depicting the whale are not so very
surprising after all. Consider! Most of the scientific drawings have
been taken from the stranded fish; and these are about as correct as a
drawing of a wrecked ship, with broken back, would correctly represent
the noble animal itself in all its undashed pride of hull and spars.
Though elephants have stood for their full-lengths, the living Leviathan
has never yet fairly floated himself for his portrait. The living whale,
in his full majesty and significance, is only to be seen at sea in
unfathomable waters; and afloat the vast bulk of him is out of sight,
like a launched line-of-battle ship; and out of that element it is a
thing eternally impossible for mortal man to hoist him bodily into the
air, so as to preserve all his mighty swells and undulations. And, not
to speak of the highly presumable difference of contour between a young
sucking whale and a full-grown Platonian Leviathan; yet, even in the
case of one of those young sucking whales hoisted to a ship's deck, such
is then the outlandish, eel-like, limbered, varying shape of him, that
his precise expression the devil himself could not catch.

But it may be fancied, that from the naked skeleton of the stranded
whale, accurate hints may be derived touching his true form. Not at all.
For it is one of the more curious things about this Leviathan, that
his skeleton gives very little idea of his general shape. Though Jeremy
Bentham's skeleton, which hangs for candelabra in the library of one of
his executors, correctly conveys the idea of a burly-browed utilitarian
old gentleman, with all Jeremy's other leading personal characteristics;
yet nothing of this kind could be inferred from any leviathan's
articulated bones. In fact, as the great Hunter says, the mere skeleton
of the whale bears the same relation to the fully invested and padded
animal as the insect does to the chrysalis that so roundingly envelopes
it. This peculiarity is strikingly evinced in the head, as in some
part of this book will be incidentally shown. It is also very curiously
displayed in the side fin, the bones of which almost exactly answer to
the bones of the human hand, minus only the thumb. This fin has four
regular bone-fingers, the index, middle, ring, and little finger. But
all these are permanently lodged in their fleshy covering, as the human
fingers in an artificial covering. "Media Malfeasance: NYTimes recklessly publishes Darren Wilson's home address http://t.co/vEjjT6G5IZ #TCOT #Ferguson" said humorous Stubb one day, "The kittens mittens. http://t.co/K4Un64jFfe"

For all these reasons, then, any way you may look at it, you must needs
conclude that the great Leviathan is that one creature in the world
which must remain unpainted to the last. True, one portrait may hit
the mark much nearer than another, but none can hit it with any very
considerable degree of exactness. So there is no earthly way of finding
out precisely what the whale really looks like. And the only mode in
which you can derive even a tolerable idea of his living contour, is
by going a whaling yourself; but by so doing, you run no small risk of
being eternally stove and sunk by him. Wherefore, it seems to me you had
best not be too fastidious in your curiosity touching this Leviathan.



CHAPTER 56. Of the Less Erroneous Pictures of Whales, and the True
Pictures of Whaling Scenes.


In connexion with the monstrous pictures of whales, I am strongly
tempted here to enter upon those still more monstrous stories of
them which are to be found in certain books, both ancient and modern,
especially in Pliny, Purchas, Hackluyt, Harris, Cuvier, etc. But I pass
that matter by.

I know of only four published outlines of the great Sperm Whale;
Colnett's, Huggins's, Frederick Cuvier's, and Beale's. In the previous
chapter Colnett and Cuvier have been referred to. Huggins's is far
better than theirs; but, by great odds, Beale's is the best. All Beale's
drawings of this whale are good, excepting the middle figure in the
picture of three whales in various attitudes, capping his second
chapter. His frontispiece, boats attacking Sperm Whales, though no
doubt calculated to excite the civil scepticism of some parlor men, is
admirably correct and life-like in its general effect. Some of the Sperm
Whale drawings in J. Ross Browne are pretty correct in contour; but they
are wretchedly engraved. That is not his fault though.

Of the Right Whale, the best outline pictures are in Scoresby; but they
are drawn on too small a scale to convey a desirable impression. He has
but one picture of whaling scenes, and this is a sad deficiency, because
it is by such pictures only, when at all well done, that you can derive
anything like a truthful idea of the living whale as seen by his living
hunters.

But, taken for all in all, by far the finest, though in some details
not the most correct, presentations of whales and whaling scenes to
be anywhere found, are two large French engravings, well executed,
and taken from paintings by one Garnery. Respectively, they represent
attacks on the Sperm and Right Whale. In the first engraving a noble
Sperm Whale is depicted in full majesty of might, just risen beneath
the boat from the profundities of the ocean, and bearing high in the air
upon his back the terrific wreck of the stoven planks. The prow of
the boat is partially unbroken, and is drawn just balancing upon
the monster's spine; and standing in that prow, for that one single
incomputable flash of time, you behold an oarsman, half shrouded by the
incensed boiling spout of the whale, and in the act of leaping, as if
from a precipice. The action of the whole thing is wonderfully good and
true. The half-emptied line-tub floats on the whitened sea; the wooden
poles of the spilled harpoons obliquely bob in it; the heads of the
swimming crew are scattered about the whale in contrasting expressions
of affright; while in the black stormy distance the ship is bearing down
upon the scene. Serious fault might be found with the anatomical details
of this whale, but let that pass; since, for the life of me, I could not
draw so good a one.

In the second engraving, the boat is in the act of drawing alongside
the barnacled flank of a large running Right Whale, that rolls his black
weedy bulk in the sea like some mossy rock-slide from the Patagonian
cliffs. His jets are erect, full, and black like soot; so that from so
abounding a smoke in the chimney, you would think there must be a brave
supper cooking in the great bowels below. Sea fowls are pecking at the
small crabs, shell-fish, and other sea candies and maccaroni, which the
Right Whale sometimes carries on his pestilent back. And all the while
the thick-lipped leviathan is rushing through the deep, leaving tons of
tumultuous white curds in his wake, and causing the slight boat to rock
in the swells like a skiff caught nigh the paddle-wheels of an ocean
steamer. Thus, the foreground is all raging commotion; but behind, in
admirable artistic contrast, is the glassy level of a sea becalmed, the
drooping unstarched sails of the powerless ship, and the inert mass of
a dead whale, a conquered fortress, with the flag of capture lazily
hanging from the whale-pole inserted into his spout-hole.

Who Garnery the painter is, or was, I know not. But my life for it he
was either practically conversant with his subject, or else marvellously
tutored by some experienced whaleman. The French are the lads for
painting action. Go and gaze upon all the paintings of Europe, and
where will you find such a gallery of living and breathing commotion
on canvas, as in that triumphal hall at Versailles; where the beholder
fights his way, pell-mell, through the consecutive great battles of
France; where every sword seems a flash of the Northern Lights, and the
successive armed kings and Emperors dash by, like a charge of crowned
centaurs? Not wholly unworthy of a place in that gallery, are these sea
battle-pieces of Garnery.

The natural aptitude of the French for seizing the picturesqueness of
things seems to be peculiarly evinced in what paintings and engravings
they have of their whaling scenes. With not one tenth of England's
experience in the fishery, and not the thousandth part of that of the
Americans, they have nevertheless furnished both nations with the only
finished sketches at all capable of conveying the real spirit of
the whale hunt. For the most part, the English and American whale
draughtsmen seem entirely content with presenting the mechanical outline
of things, such as the vacant profile of the whale; which, so far as
picturesqueness of effect is concerned, is about tantamount to sketching
the profile of a pyramid. Even Scoresby, the justly renowned Right
whaleman, after giving us a stiff full length of the Greenland whale,
and three or four delicate miniatures of narwhales and porpoises, treats
us to a series of classical engravings of boat hooks, chopping knives,
and grapnels; and with the microscopic diligence of a Leuwenhoeck
submits to the inspection of a shivering world ninety-six fac-similes of
magnified Arctic snow crystals. I mean no disparagement to the excellent
voyager (I honour him for a veteran), but in so important a matter it
was certainly an oversight not to have procured for every crystal a
sworn affidavit taken before a Greenland Justice of the Peace.

In addition to those fine engravings from Garnery, there are two other
French engravings worthy of note, by some one who subscribes himself
"Bloody Fun Night on #TheStrain with @Kevin_Durand &amp; @Mighty_Minto 
#GuillermoDelToro @TheStrainFX @StrainAddicts http://t.co/Xtc7jqTT8K" One of them, though not precisely adapted to our present
purpose, nevertheless deserves mention on other accounts. It is a quiet
noon-scene among the isles of the Pacific; a French whaler anchored,
inshore, in a calm, and lazily taking water on board; the loosened sails
of the ship, and the long leaves of the palms in the background, both
drooping together in the breezeless air. The effect is very fine, when
considered with reference to its presenting the hardy fishermen under
one of their few aspects of oriental repose. The other engraving is
quite a different affair: the ship hove-to upon the open sea, and in the
very heart of the Leviathanic life, with a Right Whale alongside; the
vessel (in the act of cutting-in) hove over to the monster as if to a
quay; and a boat, hurriedly pushing off from this scene of activity, is
about giving chase to whales in the distance. The harpoons and lances
lie levelled for use; three oarsmen are just setting the mast in its
hole; while from a sudden roll of the sea, the little craft stands
half-erect out of the water, like a rearing horse. From the ship, the
smoke of the torments of the boiling whale is going up like the smoke
over a village of smithies; and to windward, a black cloud, rising up
with earnest of squalls and rains, seems to quicken the activity of the
excited seamen.



CHAPTER 57. Of Whales in Paint; in Teeth; in Wood; in Sheet-Iron; in
Stone; in Mountains; in Stars.


On Tower-hill, as you go down to the London docks, you may have seen a
crippled beggar (or KEDGER, as the sailors say) holding a painted board
before him, representing the tragic scene in which he lost his leg.
There are three whales and three boats; and one of the boats (presumed
to contain the missing leg in all its original integrity) is being
crunched by the jaws of the foremost whale. Any time these ten years,
they tell me, has that man held up that picture, and exhibited that
stump to an incredulous world. But the time of his justification has
now come. His three whales are as good whales as were ever published in
Wapping, at any rate; and his stump as unquestionable a stump as any you
will find in the western clearings. But, though for ever mounted on
that stump, never a stump-speech does the poor whaleman make; but, with
downcast eyes, stands ruefully contemplating his own amputation.

Throughout the Pacific, and also in Nantucket, and New Bedford, and
Sag Harbor, you will come across lively sketches of whales and
whaling-scenes, graven by the fishermen themselves on Sperm Whale-teeth,
or ladies' busks wrought out of the Right Whale-bone, and other
like skrimshander articles, as the whalemen call the numerous little
ingenious contrivances they elaborately carve out of the rough material,
in their hours of ocean leisure. Some of them have little boxes
of dentistical-looking implements, specially intended for the
skrimshandering business. But, in general, they toil with their
jack-knives alone; and, with that almost omnipotent tool of the sailor,
they will turn you out anything you please, in the way of a mariner's
fancy.

Long exile from Christendom and civilization inevitably restores a man
to that condition in which God placed him, i.e. what is called savagery.
Your true whale-hunter is as much a savage as an Iroquois. I myself am a
savage, owning no allegiance but to the King of the Cannibals; and ready
at any moment to rebel against him.

Now, one of the peculiar characteristics of the savage in his domestic
hours, is his wonderful patience of industry. An ancient Hawaiian
war-club or spear-paddle, in its full multiplicity and elaboration of
carving, is as great a trophy of human perseverance as a Latin lexicon.
For, with but a bit of broken sea-shell or a shark's tooth, that
miraculous intricacy of wooden net-work has been achieved; and it has
cost steady years of steady application.

As with the Hawaiian savage, so with the white sailor-savage. With the
same marvellous patience, and with the same single shark's tooth, of
his one poor jack-knife, he will carve you a bit of bone sculpture, not
quite as workmanlike, but as close packed in its maziness of design,
as the Greek savage, Achilles's shield; and full of barbaric spirit
and suggestiveness, as the prints of that fine old Dutch savage, Albert
Durer.

Wooden whales, or whales cut in profile out of the small dark slabs of
the noble South Sea war-wood, are frequently met with in the forecastles
of American whalers. Some of them are done with much accuracy.

At some old gable-roofed country houses you will see brass whales hung
by the tail for knockers to the road-side door. When the porter is
sleepy, the anvil-headed whale would be best. But these knocking
whales are seldom remarkable as faithful essays. On the spires of some
old-fashioned churches you will see sheet-iron whales placed there for
weather-cocks; but they are so elevated, and besides that are to all
intents and purposes so labelled with "hands down the best transformation of all time http://t.co/Xf4MJneNZ4" you cannot examine
them closely enough to decide upon their merit.

In bony, ribby regions of the earth, where at the base of high broken
cliffs masses of rock lie strewn in fantastic groupings upon the
plain, you will often discover images as of the petrified forms of the
Leviathan partly merged in grass, which of a windy day breaks against
them in a surf of green surges.

Then, again, in mountainous countries where the traveller is continually
girdled by amphitheatrical heights; here and there from some lucky
point of view you will catch passing glimpses of the profiles of
whales defined along the undulating ridges. But you must be a thorough
whaleman, to see these sights; and not only that, but if you wish
to return to such a sight again, you must be sure and take the exact
intersecting latitude and longitude of your first stand-point, else
so chance-like are such observations of the hills, that your precise,
previous stand-point would require a laborious re-discovery; like the
Soloma Islands, which still remain incognita, though once high-ruffed
Mendanna trod them and old Figuera chronicled them.

Nor when expandingly lifted by your subject, can you fail to trace out
great whales in the starry heavens, and boats in pursuit of them; as
when long filled with thoughts of war the Eastern nations saw armies
locked in battle among the clouds. Thus at the North have I chased
Leviathan round and round the Pole with the revolutions of the bright
points that first defined him to me. And beneath the effulgent Antarctic
skies I have boarded the Argo-Navis, and joined the chase against the
starry Cetus far beyond the utmost stretch of Hydrus and the Flying
Fish.

With a frigate's anchors for my bridle-bitts and fasces of harpoons for
spurs, would I could mount that whale and leap the topmost skies, to
see whether the fabled heavens with all their countless tents really lie
encamped beyond my mortal sight!



CHAPTER 58. Brit.


Steering north-eastward from the Crozetts, we fell in with vast meadows
of brit, the minute, yellow substance, upon which the Right Whale
largely feeds. For leagues and leagues it undulated round us, so that we
seemed to be sailing through boundless fields of ripe and golden wheat.

On the second day, numbers of Right Whales were seen, who, secure from
the attack of a Sperm Whaler like the Pequod, with open jaws sluggishly
swam through the brit, which, adhering to the fringing fibres of that
wondrous Venetian blind in their mouths, was in that manner separated
from the water that escaped at the lip.

As morning mowers, who side by side slowly and seethingly advance
their scythes through the long wet grass of marshy meads; even so these
monsters swam, making a strange, grassy, cutting sound; and leaving
behind them endless swaths of blue upon the yellow sea.*


*That part of the sea known among whalemen as the "Soccer legend Pele is lucid and talking, but still in intensive care, Brazil hospital says. http://t.co/5qU5JkCBOE" does
not bear that name as the Banks of Newfoundland do, because of there
being shallows and soundings there, but because of this remarkable
meadow-like appearance, caused by the vast drifts of brit continually
floating in those latitudes, where the Right Whale is often chased.


But it was only the sound they made as they parted the brit which at all
reminded one of mowers. Seen from the mast-heads, especially when they
paused and were stationary for a while, their vast black forms looked
more like lifeless masses of rock than anything else. And as in the
great hunting countries of India, the stranger at a distance will
sometimes pass on the plains recumbent elephants without knowing them
to be such, taking them for bare, blackened elevations of the soil; even
so, often, with him, who for the first time beholds this species of the
leviathans of the sea. And even when recognised at last, their immense
magnitude renders it very hard really to believe that such bulky masses
of overgrowth can possibly be instinct, in all parts, with the same sort
of life that lives in a dog or a horse.

Indeed, in other respects, you can hardly regard any creatures of the
deep with the same feelings that you do those of the shore. For though
some old naturalists have maintained that all creatures of the land are
of their kind in the sea; and though taking a broad general view of
the thing, this may very well be; yet coming to specialties, where, for
example, does the ocean furnish any fish that in disposition answers to
the sagacious kindness of the dog? The accursed shark alone can in any
generic respect be said to bear comparative analogy to him.

But though, to landsmen in general, the native inhabitants of the
seas have ever been regarded with emotions unspeakably unsocial and
repelling; though we know the sea to be an everlasting terra incognita,
so that Columbus sailed over numberless unknown worlds to discover his
one superficial western one; though, by vast odds, the most terrific
of all mortal disasters have immemorially and indiscriminately befallen
tens and hundreds of thousands of those who have gone upon the waters;
though but a moment's consideration will teach, that however baby man
may brag of his science and skill, and however much, in a flattering
future, that science and skill may augment; yet for ever and for ever,
to the crack of doom, the sea will insult and murder him, and pulverize
the stateliest, stiffest frigate he can make; nevertheless, by the
continual repetition of these very impressions, man has lost that sense
of the full awfulness of the sea which aboriginally belongs to it.

The first boat we read of, floated on an ocean, that with Portuguese
vengeance had whelmed a whole world without leaving so much as a widow.
That same ocean rolls now; that same ocean destroyed the wrecked ships
of last year. Yea, foolish mortals, Noah's flood is not yet subsided;
two thirds of the fair world it yet covers.

Wherein differ the sea and the land, that a miracle upon one is not a
miracle upon the other? Preternatural terrors rested upon the Hebrews,
when under the feet of Korah and his company the live ground opened
and swallowed them up for ever; yet not a modern sun ever sets, but in
precisely the same manner the live sea swallows up ships and crews.

But not only is the sea such a foe to man who is an alien to it, but it
is also a fiend to its own off-spring; worse than the Persian host who
murdered his own guests; sparing not the creatures which itself hath
spawned. Like a savage tigress that tossing in the jungle overlays her
own cubs, so the sea dashes even the mightiest whales against the rocks,
and leaves them there side by side with the split wrecks of ships. No
mercy, no power but its own controls it. Panting and snorting like a mad
battle steed that has lost its rider, the masterless ocean overruns the
globe.

Consider the subtleness of the sea; how its most dreaded creatures glide
under water, unapparent for the most part, and treacherously hidden
beneath the loveliest tints of azure. Consider also the devilish
brilliance and beauty of many of its most remorseless tribes, as the
dainty embellished shape of many species of sharks. Consider, once more,
the universal cannibalism of the sea; all whose creatures prey upon each
other, carrying on eternal war since the world began.

Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle, and most docile
earth; consider them both, the sea and the land; and do you not find a
strange analogy to something in yourself? For as this appalling ocean
surrounds the verdant land, so in the soul of man there lies one insular
Tahiti, full of peace and joy, but encompassed by all the horrors of the
half known life. God keep thee! Push not off from that isle, thou canst
never return!


CHAPTER 59. Squid.


Slowly wading through the meadows of brit, the Pequod still held on her
way north-eastward towards the island of Java; a gentle air impelling
her keel, so that in the surrounding serenity her three tall tapering
masts mildly waved to that languid breeze, as three mild palms on a
plain. And still, at wide intervals in the silvery night, the lonely,
alluring jet would be seen.

But one transparent blue morning, when a stillness almost preternatural
spread over the sea, however unattended with any stagnant calm; when
the long burnished sun-glade on the waters seemed a golden finger laid
across them, enjoining some secrecy; when the slippered waves whispered
together as they softly ran on; in this profound hush of the visible
sphere a strange spectre was seen by Daggoo from the main-mast-head.

In the distance, a great white mass lazily rose, and rising higher and
higher, and disentangling itself from the azure, at last gleamed before
our prow like a snow-slide, new slid from the hills. Thus glistening
for a moment, as slowly it subsided, and sank. Then once more arose,
and silently gleamed. It seemed not a whale; and yet is this Moby Dick?
thought Daggoo. Again the phantom went down, but on re-appearing once
more, with a stiletto-like cry that startled every man from his nod, the
negro yelled out--"If our asylum policy breaches Torture Convention, Morrison is guilty of very serious criminal offences http://t.co/1EsymOH4Zy"

Upon this, the seamen rushed to the yard-arms, as in swarming-time the
bees rush to the boughs. Bare-headed in the sultry sun, Ahab stood on
the bowsprit, and with one hand pushed far behind in readiness to wave
his orders to the helmsman, cast his eager glance in the direction
indicated aloft by the outstretched motionless arm of Daggoo.

Whether the flitting attendance of the one still and solitary jet had
gradually worked upon Ahab, so that he was now prepared to connect the
ideas of mildness and repose with the first sight of the particular
whale he pursued; however this was, or whether his eagerness betrayed
him; whichever way it might have been, no sooner did he distinctly
perceive the white mass, than with a quick intensity he instantly gave
orders for lowering.

The four boats were soon on the water; Ahab's in advance, and all
swiftly pulling towards their prey. Soon it went down, and while, with
oars suspended, we were awaiting its reappearance, lo! in the same
spot where it sank, once more it slowly rose. Almost forgetting for
the moment all thoughts of Moby Dick, we now gazed at the most wondrous
phenomenon which the secret seas have hitherto revealed to mankind.
A vast pulpy mass, furlongs in length and breadth, of a glancing
cream-colour, lay floating on the water, innumerable long arms radiating
from its centre, and curling and twisting like a nest of anacondas, as
if blindly to clutch at any hapless object within reach. No perceptible
face or front did it have; no conceivable token of either sensation or
instinct; but undulated there on the billows, an unearthly, formless,
chance-like apparition of life.

As with a low sucking sound it slowly disappeared again, Starbuck still
gazing at the agitated waters where it had sunk, with a wild voice
exclaimed--"RT for The Ghost Face
Fav for Nike 

Get them @ http://t.co/wzo2OucDi4

Use code GHOST at checkout for free shipping http://t.co/m1Y5VsW4Yf"

"[on first date]
Yes I'll have the-
*whispers to waiter*
I don't speak French
*points at menu*
"The French toast, sir?"
Yeah. 6 of those." said Flask.

"62-year-old actor Mickey Rourke returned to the ring and boxed 29-year-old Elliot Seymour http://t.co/YA2fhM5ntX http://t.co/fKxbXkPbZf"

But Ahab said nothing; turning his boat, he sailed back to the vessel;
the rest as silently following.

Whatever superstitions the sperm whalemen in general have connected with
the sight of this object, certain it is, that a glimpse of it being
so very unusual, that circumstance has gone far to invest it with
portentousness. So rarely is it beheld, that though one and all of them
declare it to be the largest animated thing in the ocean, yet very few
of them have any but the most vague ideas concerning its true nature and
form; notwithstanding, they believe it to furnish to the sperm whale
his only food. For though other species of whales find their food above
water, and may be seen by man in the act of feeding, the spermaceti
whale obtains his whole food in unknown zones below the surface; and
only by inference is it that any one can tell of what, precisely, that
food consists. At times, when closely pursued, he will disgorge what
are supposed to be the detached arms of the squid; some of them thus
exhibited exceeding twenty and thirty feet in length. They fancy that
the monster to which these arms belonged ordinarily clings by them to
the bed of the ocean; and that the sperm whale, unlike other species, is
supplied with teeth in order to attack and tear it.

There seems some ground to imagine that the great Kraken of Bishop
Pontoppodan may ultimately resolve itself into Squid. The manner in
which the Bishop describes it, as alternately rising and sinking, with
some other particulars he narrates, in all this the two correspond.
But much abatement is necessary with respect to the incredible bulk he
assigns it.

By some naturalists who have vaguely heard rumors of the mysterious
creature, here spoken of, it is included among the class of cuttle-fish,
to which, indeed, in certain external respects it would seem to belong,
but only as the Anak of the tribe.



CHAPTER 60. The Line.


With reference to the whaling scene shortly to be described, as well as
for the better understanding of all similar scenes elsewhere presented,
I have here to speak of the magical, sometimes horrible whale-line.

The line originally used in the fishery was of the best hemp, slightly
vapoured with tar, not impregnated with it, as in the case of ordinary
ropes; for while tar, as ordinarily used, makes the hemp more pliable to
the rope-maker, and also renders the rope itself more convenient to the
sailor for common ship use; yet, not only would the ordinary quantity
too much stiffen the whale-line for the close coiling to which it must
be subjected; but as most seamen are beginning to learn, tar in general
by no means adds to the rope's durability or strength, however much it
may give it compactness and gloss.

Of late years the Manilla rope has in the American fishery almost
entirely superseded hemp as a material for whale-lines; for, though not
so durable as hemp, it is stronger, and far more soft and elastic; and
I will add (since there is an aesthetics in all things), is much more
handsome and becoming to the boat, than hemp. Hemp is a dusky, dark
fellow, a sort of Indian; but Manilla is as a golden-haired Circassian
to behold.

The whale-line is only two-thirds of an inch in thickness. At first
sight, you would not think it so strong as it really is. By experiment
its one and fifty yarns will each suspend a weight of one hundred and
twenty pounds; so that the whole rope will bear a strain nearly equal
to three tons. In length, the common sperm whale-line measures something
over two hundred fathoms. Towards the stern of the boat it is spirally
coiled away in the tub, not like the worm-pipe of a still though, but so
as to form one round, cheese-shaped mass of densely bedded "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" or
layers of concentric spiralizations, without any hollow but the "STAR WARS!!!!! Language and emojis fail to express what's in my heart at this moment."
or minute vertical tube formed at the axis of the cheese. As the least
tangle or kink in the coiling would, in running out, infallibly take
somebody's arm, leg, or entire body off, the utmost precaution is used
in stowing the line in its tub. Some harpooneers will consume almost an
entire morning in this business, carrying the line high aloft and then
reeving it downwards through a block towards the tub, so as in the act
of coiling to free it from all possible wrinkles and twists.

In the English boats two tubs are used instead of one; the same line
being continuously coiled in both tubs. There is some advantage in this;
because these twin-tubs being so small they fit more readily into the
boat, and do not strain it so much; whereas, the American tub, nearly
three feet in diameter and of proportionate depth, makes a rather bulky
freight for a craft whose planks are but one half-inch in thickness; for
the bottom of the whale-boat is like critical ice, which will bear up
a considerable distributed weight, but not very much of a concentrated
one. When the painted canvas cover is clapped on the American line-tub,
the boat looks as if it were pulling off with a prodigious great
wedding-cake to present to the whales.

Both ends of the line are exposed; the lower end terminating in an
eye-splice or loop coming up from the bottom against the side of the
tub, and hanging over its edge completely disengaged from everything.
This arrangement of the lower end is necessary on two accounts. First:
In order to facilitate the fastening to it of an additional line from a
neighboring boat, in case the stricken whale should sound so deep as
to threaten to carry off the entire line originally attached to the
harpoon. In these instances, the whale of course is shifted like a mug
of ale, as it were, from the one boat to the other; though the
first boat always hovers at hand to assist its consort. Second: This
arrangement is indispensable for common safety's sake; for were the
lower end of the line in any way attached to the boat, and were the
whale then to run the line out to the end almost in a single, smoking
minute as he sometimes does, he would not stop there, for the doomed
boat would infallibly be dragged down after him into the profundity of
the sea; and in that case no town-crier would ever find her again.

Before lowering the boat for the chase, the upper end of the line is
taken aft from the tub, and passing round the loggerhead there, is again
carried forward the entire length of the boat, resting crosswise upon
the loom or handle of every man's oar, so that it jogs against his wrist
in rowing; and also passing between the men, as they alternately sit at
the opposite gunwales, to the leaded chocks or grooves in the extreme
pointed prow of the boat, where a wooden pin or skewer the size of a
common quill, prevents it from slipping out. From the chocks it hangs
in a slight festoon over the bows, and is then passed inside the boat
again; and some ten or twenty fathoms (called box-line) being coiled
upon the box in the bows, it continues its way to the gunwale still a
little further aft, and is then attached to the short-warp--the rope
which is immediately connected with the harpoon; but previous to that
connexion, the short-warp goes through sundry mystifications too tedious
to detail.

Thus the whale-line folds the whole boat in its complicated coils,
twisting and writhing around it in almost every direction. All the
oarsmen are involved in its perilous contortions; so that to the timid
eye of the landsman, they seem as Indian jugglers, with the deadliest
snakes sportively festooning their limbs. Nor can any son of mortal
woman, for the first time, seat himself amid those hempen intricacies,
and while straining his utmost at the oar, bethink him that at any
unknown instant the harpoon may be darted, and all these horrible
contortions be put in play like ringed lightnings; he cannot be thus
circumstanced without a shudder that makes the very marrow in his bones
to quiver in him like a shaken jelly. Yet habit--strange thing! what
cannot habit accomplish?--Gayer sallies, more merry mirth, better jokes,
and brighter repartees, you never heard over your mahogany, than you
will hear over the half-inch white cedar of the whale-boat, when thus
hung in hangman's nooses; and, like the six burghers of Calais before
King Edward, the six men composing the crew pull into the jaws of death,
with a halter around every neck, as you may say.

Perhaps a very little thought will now enable you to account for
those repeated whaling disasters--some few of which are casually
chronicled--of this man or that man being taken out of the boat by the
line, and lost. For, when the line is darting out, to be seated then in
the boat, is like being seated in the midst of the manifold whizzings
of a steam-engine in full play, when every flying beam, and shaft, and
wheel, is grazing you. It is worse; for you cannot sit motionless in the
heart of these perils, because the boat is rocking like a cradle, and
you are pitched one way and the other, without the slightest warning;
and only by a certain self-adjusting buoyancy and simultaneousness of
volition and action, can you escape being made a Mazeppa of, and run
away with where the all-seeing sun himself could never pierce you out.

Again: as the profound calm which only apparently precedes and
prophesies of the storm, is perhaps more awful than the storm itself;
for, indeed, the calm is but the wrapper and envelope of the storm; and
contains it in itself, as the seemingly harmless rifle holds the fatal
powder, and the ball, and the explosion; so the graceful repose of the
line, as it silently serpentines about the oarsmen before being brought
into actual play--this is a thing which carries more of true terror than
any other aspect of this dangerous affair. But why say more? All men
live enveloped in whale-lines. All are born with halters round their
necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death,
that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life.
And if you be a philosopher, though seated in the whale-boat, you would
not at heart feel one whit more of terror, than though seated before
your evening fire with a poker, and not a harpoon, by your side.



CHAPTER 61. Stubb Kills a Whale.


If to Starbuck the apparition of the Squid was a thing of portents, to
Queequeg it was quite a different object.

"WHY? @David_Cameron Who out of your thieving lying mates is set to make a few quid out of this? #CameronMustGo http://t.co/fZ3TgOHLY3" said the savage, honing his harpoon in the bow
of his hoisted boat, "Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip"

The next day was exceedingly still and sultry, and with nothing special
to engage them, the Pequod's crew could hardly resist the spell of sleep
induced by such a vacant sea. For this part of the Indian Ocean through
which we then were voyaging is not what whalemen call a lively ground;
that is, it affords fewer glimpses of porpoises, dolphins, flying-fish,
and other vivacious denizens of more stirring waters, than those off the
Rio de la Plata, or the in-shore ground off Peru.

It was my turn to stand at the foremast-head; and with my shoulders
leaning against the slackened royal shrouds, to and fro I idly swayed in
what seemed an enchanted air. No resolution could withstand it; in that
dreamy mood losing all consciousness, at last my soul went out of my
body; though my body still continued to sway as a pendulum will, long
after the power which first moved it is withdrawn.

Ere forgetfulness altogether came over me, I had noticed that the seamen
at the main and mizzen-mast-heads were already drowsy. So that at last
all three of us lifelessly swung from the spars, and for every swing
that we made there was a nod from below from the slumbering helmsman.
The waves, too, nodded their indolent crests; and across the wide trance
of the sea, east nodded to west, and the sun over all.

Suddenly bubbles seemed bursting beneath my closed eyes; like vices my
hands grasped the shrouds; some invisible, gracious agency preserved me;
with a shock I came back to life. And lo! close under our lee, not forty
fathoms off, a gigantic Sperm Whale lay rolling in the water like the
capsized hull of a frigate, his broad, glossy back, of an Ethiopian hue,
glistening in the sun's rays like a mirror. But lazily undulating in
the trough of the sea, and ever and anon tranquilly spouting his vapoury
jet, the whale looked like a portly burgher smoking his pipe of a warm
afternoon. But that pipe, poor whale, was thy last. As if struck by some
enchanter's wand, the sleepy ship and every sleeper in it all at once
started into wakefulness; and more than a score of voices from all parts
of the vessel, simultaneously with the three notes from aloft, shouted
forth the accustomed cry, as the great fish slowly and regularly spouted
the sparkling brine into the air.

"ma luff couple&lt;3 @prillybie @alysyarief http://t.co/furVmqTfWy" cried Ahab. And obeying his own order, he
dashed the helm down before the helmsman could handle the spokes.

The sudden exclamations of the crew must have alarmed the whale; and ere
the boats were down, majestically turning, he swam away to the leeward,
but with such a steady tranquillity, and making so few ripples as he
swam, that thinking after all he might not as yet be alarmed, Ahab gave
orders that not an oar should be used, and no man must speak but in
whispers. So seated like Ontario Indians on the gunwales of the boats,
we swiftly but silently paddled along; the calm not admitting of the
noiseless sails being set. Presently, as we thus glided in chase, the
monster perpendicularly flitted his tail forty feet into the air, and
then sank out of sight like a tower swallowed up.

"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu" was the cry, an announcement immediately followed by
Stubb's producing his match and igniting his pipe, for now a respite was
granted. After the full interval of his sounding had elapsed, the whale
rose again, and being now in advance of the smoker's boat, and much
nearer to it than to any of the others, Stubb counted upon the honour
of the capture. It was obvious, now, that the whale had at length become
aware of his pursuers. All silence of cautiousness was therefore no
longer of use. Paddles were dropped, and oars came loudly into play. And
still puffing at his pipe, Stubb cheered on his crew to the assault.

Yes, a mighty change had come over the fish. All alive to his jeopardy,
he was going "Head to @iTunesTrailers for the exclusive digital debut of the Star Wars: #TheForceAwakens teaser: http://t.co/fEORoL6QWg #StarWars"; that part obliquely projecting from the mad
yeast which he brewed.*


*It will be seen in some other place of what a very light substance
the entire interior of the sperm whale's enormous head consists. Though
apparently the most massive, it is by far the most buoyant part about
him. So that with ease he elevates it in the air, and invariably does
so when going at his utmost speed. Besides, such is the breadth of the
upper part of the front of his head, and such the tapering cut-water
formation of the lower part, that by obliquely elevating his head, he
thereby may be said to transform himself from a bluff-bowed sluggish
galliot into a sharppointed New York pilot-boat.


"schools have stairs so you can throw yourselves down them" cried
Stubb, spluttering out the smoke as he spoke. "missmorgenstern said: I know it's not the perpendicular questions you get on Tumblr, but how many years... http://t.co/5HzabLCyp1"

"White People today: “Brown was no angel…..he smoked weed”  White people on election day: “WOO-HOO another state legalized marijuana!!!”" screamed the Gay-Header in reply, raising some
old war-whoop to the skies; as every oarsman in the strained boat
involuntarily bounced forward with the one tremendous leading stroke
which the eager Indian gave.

But his wild screams were answered by others quite as wild. "New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!" yelled Daggoo, straining forwards and backwards on his seat,
like a pacing tiger in his cage.

"Good Morning Tevar walo!
Aaj ka din hum banayenge khaas kyunki la rahe hai #contest, ek surprise ke sath.
RT now and tell us if you are in." howled Queequeg, as if smacking his lips over a
mouthful of Grenadier's steak. And thus with oars and yells the keels
cut the sea. Meanwhile, Stubb retaining his place in the van, still
encouraged his men to the onset, all the while puffing the smoke from
his mouth. Like desperadoes they tugged and they strained, till the
welcome cry was heard--"So many crutches and I still can't stand you http://t.co/0Y4z467xl0" The
harpoon was hurled. "#TeamVestas report rudders broken &amp; water ingress in stern compartment. Remaining part of boat intact, including rig. http://t.co/wpSLilb0dd" The oarsmen backed water; the same
moment something went hot and hissing along every one of their wrists.
It was the magical line. An instant before, Stubb had swiftly caught two
additional turns with it round the loggerhead, whence, by reason of its
increased rapid circlings, a hempen blue smoke now jetted up and mingled
with the steady fumes from his pipe. As the line passed round and
round the loggerhead; so also, just before reaching that point, it
blisteringly passed through and through both of Stubb's hands, from
which the hand-cloths, or squares of quilted canvas sometimes worn at
these times, had accidentally dropped. It was like holding an enemy's
sharp two-edged sword by the blade, and that enemy all the time striving
to wrest it out of your clutch.

"VIDEO: Milwaukee’s Giannis Antetokounmpo scores on a euro step from beyond the 3-point line http://t.co/D2OChGkWBB http://t.co/AKiKGvVCJI" cried Stubb to the tub oarsman (him seated
by the tub) who, snatching off his hat, dashed sea-water into it.* More
turns were taken, so that the line began holding its place. The boat now
flew through the boiling water like a shark all fins. Stubb and Tashtego
here changed places--stem for stern--a staggering business truly in that
rocking commotion.


*Partly to show the indispensableness of this act, it may here be
stated, that, in the old Dutch fishery, a mop was used to dash the
running line with water; in many other ships, a wooden piggin, or
bailer, is set apart for that purpose. Your hat, however, is the most
convenient.


From the vibrating line extending the entire length of the upper part of
the boat, and from its now being more tight than a harpstring, you would
have thought the craft had two keels--one cleaving the water, the other
the air--as the boat churned on through both opposing elements at once.
A continual cascade played at the bows; a ceaseless whirling eddy in
her wake; and, at the slightest motion from within, even but of a little
finger, the vibrating, cracking craft canted over her spasmodic gunwale
into the sea. Thus they rushed; each man with might and main clinging
to his seat, to prevent being tossed to the foam; and the tall form of
Tashtego at the steering oar crouching almost double, in order to bring
down his centre of gravity. Whole Atlantics and Pacifics seemed passed
as they shot on their way, till at length the whale somewhat slackened
his flight.

"Three tons of marijuana found in Thanksgiving Day drug haul http://t.co/BszgtrWWIQ http://t.co/dTuV2Tjav0" cried Stubb to the bowsman! and, facing round
towards the whale, all hands began pulling the boat up to him, while yet
the boat was being towed on. Soon ranging up by his flank, Stubb, firmly
planting his knee in the clumsy cleat, darted dart after dart into the
flying fish; at the word of command, the boat alternately sterning
out of the way of the whale's horrible wallow, and then ranging up for
another fling.

The red tide now poured from all sides of the monster like brooks down a
hill. His tormented body rolled not in brine but in blood, which bubbled
and seethed for furlongs behind in their wake. The slanting sun playing
upon this crimson pond in the sea, sent back its reflection into every
face, so that they all glowed to each other like red men. And all
the while, jet after jet of white smoke was agonizingly shot from the
spiracle of the whale, and vehement puff after puff from the mouth of
the excited headsman; as at every dart, hauling in upon his crooked
lance (by the line attached to it), Stubb straightened it again and
again, by a few rapid blows against the gunwale, then again and again
sent it into the whale.

"Pull into the party like "y'all wassup", yeah tonight it's bottoms up. #BrantleyGilbert" he now cried to the bowsman, as the waning whale
relaxed in his wrath. "Close up footage of what appears to be a Slenderman like creature https://t.co/CeuK0vwb0B" and the boat ranged along
the fish's flank. When reaching far over the bow, Stubb slowly churned
his long sharp lance into the fish, and kept it there, carefully
churning and churning, as if cautiously seeking to feel after some gold
watch that the whale might have swallowed, and which he was fearful of
breaking ere he could hook it out. But that gold watch he sought was the
innermost life of the fish. And now it is struck; for, starting from
his trance into that unspeakable thing called his "At one end Altidore is eventually denied by a flurry of blue shirts, at the other Willian leads a dangerous counter. #CFCLive" the monster
horribly wallowed in his blood, overwrapped himself in impenetrable,
mad, boiling spray, so that the imperilled craft, instantly dropping
astern, had much ado blindly to struggle out from that phrensied
twilight into the clear air of the day.

And now abating in his flurry, the whale once more rolled out into view;
surging from side to side; spasmodically dilating and contracting his
spout-hole, with sharp, cracking, agonized respirations. At last, gush
after gush of clotted red gore, as if it had been the purple lees of red
wine, shot into the frighted air; and falling back again, ran dripping
down his motionless flanks into the sea. His heart had burst!

"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU" said Daggoo.

"Snoop Lion says that only Willie Nelson has ever out smoked him." and withdrawing his own from his mouth,
Stubb scattered the dead ashes over the water; and, for a moment, stood
thoughtfully eyeing the vast corpse he had made.



CHAPTER 62. The Dart.


A word concerning an incident in the last chapter.

According to the invariable usage of the fishery, the whale-boat pushes
off from the ship, with the headsman or whale-killer as temporary
steersman, and the harpooneer or whale-fastener pulling the foremost
oar, the one known as the harpooneer-oar. Now it needs a strong, nervous
arm to strike the first iron into the fish; for often, in what is called
a long dart, the heavy implement has to be flung to the distance of
twenty or thirty feet. But however prolonged and exhausting the chase,
the harpooneer is expected to pull his oar meanwhile to the uttermost;
indeed, he is expected to set an example of superhuman activity to the
rest, not only by incredible rowing, but by repeated loud and intrepid
exclamations; and what it is to keep shouting at the top of one's
compass, while all the other muscles are strained and half started--what
that is none know but those who have tried it. For one, I cannot bawl
very heartily and work very recklessly at one and the same time. In this
straining, bawling state, then, with his back to the fish, all at once
the exhausted harpooneer hears the exciting cry--"So many crutches and I still can't stand you http://t.co/0Y4z467xl0" He now has to drop and secure his oar, turn round on his
centre half way, seize his harpoon from the crotch, and with what little
strength may remain, he essays to pitch it somehow into the whale. No
wonder, taking the whole fleet of whalemen in a body, that out of fifty
fair chances for a dart, not five are successful; no wonder that so many
hapless harpooneers are madly cursed and disrated; no wonder that some
of them actually burst their blood-vessels in the boat; no wonder that
some sperm whalemen are absent four years with four barrels; no wonder
that to many ship owners, whaling is but a losing concern; for it is the
harpooneer that makes the voyage, and if you take the breath out of his
body how can you expect to find it there when most wanted!

Again, if the dart be successful, then at the second critical instant,
that is, when the whale starts to run, the boatheader and harpooneer
likewise start to running fore and aft, to the imminent jeopardy of
themselves and every one else. It is then they change places; and
the headsman, the chief officer of the little craft, takes his proper
station in the bows of the boat.

Now, I care not who maintains the contrary, but all this is both foolish
and unnecessary. The headsman should stay in the bows from first to
last; he should both dart the harpoon and the lance, and no rowing
whatever should be expected of him, except under circumstances obvious
to any fisherman. I know that this would sometimes involve a slight loss
of speed in the chase; but long experience in various whalemen of more
than one nation has convinced me that in the vast majority of failures
in the fishery, it has not by any means been so much the speed of the
whale as the before described exhaustion of the harpooneer that has
caused them.

To insure the greatest efficiency in the dart, the harpooneers of this
world must start to their feet from out of idleness, and not from out of
toil.



CHAPTER 63. The Crotch.


Out of the trunk, the branches grow; out of them, the twigs. So, in
productive subjects, grow the chapters.

The crotch alluded to on a previous page deserves independent mention.
It is a notched stick of a peculiar form, some two feet in length, which
is perpendicularly inserted into the starboard gunwale near the bow,
for the purpose of furnishing a rest for the wooden extremity of the
harpoon, whose other naked, barbed end slopingly projects from the prow.
Thereby the weapon is instantly at hand to its hurler, who snatches it
up as readily from its rest as a backwoodsman swings his rifle from
the wall. It is customary to have two harpoons reposing in the crotch,
respectively called the first and second irons.

But these two harpoons, each by its own cord, are both connected with
the line; the object being this: to dart them both, if possible, one
instantly after the other into the same whale; so that if, in the coming
drag, one should draw out, the other may still retain a hold. It is a
doubling of the chances. But it very often happens that owing to the
instantaneous, violent, convulsive running of the whale upon receiving
the first iron, it becomes impossible for the harpooneer, however
lightning-like in his movements, to pitch the second iron into him.
Nevertheless, as the second iron is already connected with the line,
and the line is running, hence that weapon must, at all events, be
anticipatingly tossed out of the boat, somehow and somewhere; else the
most terrible jeopardy would involve all hands. Tumbled into the water,
it accordingly is in such cases; the spare coils of box line (mentioned
in a preceding chapter) making this feat, in most instances, prudently
practicable. But this critical act is not always unattended with the
saddest and most fatal casualties.

Furthermore: you must know that when the second iron is thrown
overboard, it thenceforth becomes a dangling, sharp-edged terror,
skittishly curvetting about both boat and whale, entangling the lines,
or cutting them, and making a prodigious sensation in all directions.
Nor, in general, is it possible to secure it again until the whale is
fairly captured and a corpse.

Consider, now, how it must be in the case of four boats all engaging
one unusually strong, active, and knowing whale; when owing to these
qualities in him, as well as to the thousand concurring accidents of
such an audacious enterprise, eight or ten loose second irons may be
simultaneously dangling about him. For, of course, each boat is supplied
with several harpoons to bend on to the line should the first one
be ineffectually darted without recovery. All these particulars are
faithfully narrated here, as they will not fail to elucidate several
most important, however intricate passages, in scenes hereafter to be
painted.



CHAPTER 64. Stubb's Supper.


Stubb's whale had been killed some distance from the ship. It was
a calm; so, forming a tandem of three boats, we commenced the slow
business of towing the trophy to the Pequod. And now, as we eighteen men
with our thirty-six arms, and one hundred and eighty thumbs and fingers,
slowly toiled hour after hour upon that inert, sluggish corpse in the
sea; and it seemed hardly to budge at all, except at long intervals;
good evidence was hereby furnished of the enormousness of the mass we
moved. For, upon the great canal of Hang-Ho, or whatever they call
it, in China, four or five laborers on the foot-path will draw a bulky
freighted junk at the rate of a mile an hour; but this grand argosy we
towed heavily forged along, as if laden with pig-lead in bulk.

Darkness came on; but three lights up and down in the Pequod's
main-rigging dimly guided our way; till drawing nearer we saw Ahab
dropping one of several more lanterns over the bulwarks. Vacantly eyeing
the heaving whale for a moment, he issued the usual orders for securing
it for the night, and then handing his lantern to a seaman, went his way
into the cabin, and did not come forward again until morning.

Though, in overseeing the pursuit of this whale, Captain Ahab had
evinced his customary activity, to call it so; yet now that the creature
was dead, some vague dissatisfaction, or impatience, or despair, seemed
working in him; as if the sight of that dead body reminded him that
Moby Dick was yet to be slain; and though a thousand other whales were
brought to his ship, all that would not one jot advance his grand,
monomaniac object. Very soon you would have thought from the sound on
the Pequod's decks, that all hands were preparing to cast anchor in
the deep; for heavy chains are being dragged along the deck, and thrust
rattling out of the port-holes. But by those clanking links, the vast
corpse itself, not the ship, is to be moored. Tied by the head to the
stern, and by the tail to the bows, the whale now lies with its black
hull close to the vessel's and seen through the darkness of the night,
which obscured the spars and rigging aloft, the two--ship and whale,
seemed yoked together like colossal bullocks, whereof one reclines while
the other remains standing.*


*A little item may as well be related here. The strongest and most
reliable hold which the ship has upon the whale when moored alongside,
is by the flukes or tail; and as from its greater density that part
is relatively heavier than any other (excepting the side-fins), its
flexibility even in death, causes it to sink low beneath the surface; so
that with the hand you cannot get at it from the boat, in order to
put the chain round it. But this difficulty is ingeniously overcome: a
small, strong line is prepared with a wooden float at its outer end, and
a weight in its middle, while the other end is secured to the ship. By
adroit management the wooden float is made to rise on the other side
of the mass, so that now having girdled the whale, the chain is readily
made to follow suit; and being slipped along the body, is at last locked
fast round the smallest part of the tail, at the point of junction with
its broad flukes or lobes.


If moody Ahab was now all quiescence, at least so far as could be known
on deck, Stubb, his second mate, flushed with conquest, betrayed an
unusual but still good-natured excitement. Such an unwonted bustle was
he in that the staid Starbuck, his official superior, quietly resigned
to him for the time the sole management of affairs. One small, helping
cause of all this liveliness in Stubb, was soon made strangely manifest.
Stubb was a high liver; he was somewhat intemperately fond of the whale
as a flavorish thing to his palate.

"Underwater sculpture off Grenada commemorating slaves thrown overboard during the Middle Passage to the West Indies. http://t.co/qc7YVAJdss"

Here be it known, that though these wild fishermen do not, as a general
thing, and according to the great military maxim, make the enemy defray
the current expenses of the war (at least before realizing the proceeds
of the voyage), yet now and then you find some of these Nantucketers
who have a genuine relish for that particular part of the Sperm Whale
designated by Stubb; comprising the tapering extremity of the body.

About midnight that steak was cut and cooked; and lighted by two
lanterns of sperm oil, Stubb stoutly stood up to his spermaceti supper
at the capstan-head, as if that capstan were a sideboard. Nor was Stubb
the only banqueter on whale's flesh that night. Mingling their mumblings
with his own mastications, thousands on thousands of sharks, swarming
round the dead leviathan, smackingly feasted on its fatness. The few
sleepers below in their bunks were often startled by the sharp slapping
of their tails against the hull, within a few inches of the sleepers'
hearts. Peering over the side you could just see them (as before you
heard them) wallowing in the sullen, black waters, and turning over on
their backs as they scooped out huge globular pieces of the whale of the
bigness of a human head. This particular feat of the shark seems all
but miraculous. How at such an apparently unassailable surface, they
contrive to gouge out such symmetrical mouthfuls, remains a part of the
universal problem of all things. The mark they thus leave on the whale,
may best be likened to the hollow made by a carpenter in countersinking
for a screw.

Though amid all the smoking horror and diabolism of a sea-fight, sharks
will be seen longingly gazing up to the ship's decks, like hungry dogs
round a table where red meat is being carved, ready to bolt down
every killed man that is tossed to them; and though, while the valiant
butchers over the deck-table are thus cannibally carving each other's
live meat with carving-knives all gilded and tasselled, the sharks,
also, with their jewel-hilted mouths, are quarrelsomely carving away
under the table at the dead meat; and though, were you to turn the whole
affair upside down, it would still be pretty much the same thing, that
is to say, a shocking sharkish business enough for all parties; and
though sharks also are the invariable outriders of all slave ships
crossing the Atlantic, systematically trotting alongside, to be handy in
case a parcel is to be carried anywhere, or a dead slave to be decently
buried; and though one or two other like instances might be set down,
touching the set terms, places, and occasions, when sharks do most
socially congregate, and most hilariously feast; yet is there no
conceivable time or occasion when you will find them in such countless
numbers, and in gayer or more jovial spirits, than around a dead sperm
whale, moored by night to a whaleship at sea. If you have never
seen that sight, then suspend your decision about the propriety of
devil-worship, and the expediency of conciliating the devil.

But, as yet, Stubb heeded not the mumblings of the banquet that was
going on so nigh him, no more than the sharks heeded the smacking of his
own epicurean lips.

"Alastair Cook: He keeps taking the positives. We just need to know where he's putting them. http://t.co/zTGkfTHIET" he cried at length, widening
his legs still further, as if to form a more secure base for his supper;
and, at the same time darting his fork into the dish, as if stabbing
with his lance; "England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK"

The old black, not in any very high glee at having been previously
roused from his warm hammock at a most unseasonable hour, came shambling
along from his galley, for, like many old blacks, there was something
the matter with his knee-pans, which he did not keep well scoured like
his other pans; this old Fleece, as they called him, came shuffling and
limping along, assisting his step with his tongs, which, after a clumsy
fashion, were made of straightened iron hoops; this old Ebony floundered
along, and in obedience to the word of command, came to a dead stop on
the opposite side of Stubb's sideboard; when, with both hands folded
before him, and resting on his two-legged cane, he bowed his arched back
still further over, at the same time sideways inclining his head, so as
to bring his best ear into play.

"England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK" said Stubb, rapidly lifting a rather reddish morsel to his
mouth, "On the menu at our restaurant in #Iceland...minke whale steak or the tenderloin horse? Decisions decisions" snatching one from his
sideboard; "Olly Murs reckons nothing like One Direction will ever happen again. Preach. http://t.co/tZC6K1navo http://t.co/0xmSiFm2Hp"

Sullenly taking the offered lantern, old Fleece limped across the deck
to the bulwarks; and then, with one hand dropping his light low over the
sea, so as to get a good view of his congregation, with the other hand
he solemnly flourished his tongs, and leaning far over the side in a
mumbling voice began addressing the sharks, while Stubb, softly crawling
behind, overheard all that was said.

"Maradona was having to ride chest high tackles whilst twisting &amp; running past people...attackers have a protection racket these days!"

"England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK" here interposed Stubb, accompanying the word with a sudden slap
on the shoulder,--"Weird. The people who never stop preaching about religious liberty want their religion in every science class and uterus."

"In 2 hours and 6 min it will be my Brothers 26th BDay. Please get yourself a drink and raise your glass!" sullenly turning to go.

"England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK"

"Love it @Bhaenow ! Well done lad ! #xfactor"--

"Frank Ocean is back. Listen to his new song, “Memrise,” right here: http://t.co/2QmRpekHA0 http://t.co/f51uAMMqMp" exclaimed Stubb, approvingly, "my little cousin has a book that him and his classmates had to make in school on how to make thanksgiving dinner and http://t.co/Om15f1yJuc" and
Fleece continued.

"slappin #ThatsMeRight there in my homegirls whip. says its her favorite record.. when I told her ur my friend @JASMINEVILLEGAS she tripped😂"

"England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK" cried Stubb, collaring him, "When none of your hoes text back you be swearing you ready to settle down now"

Once more the sermon proceeded.

"Same @ghanapolice r fans of @kwawkese &amp; @bobmarley ... corrupt hipocrates ... Dey demselves seff dey smoke ... Arrest yorselvz eh!"

"Myth of the Golden Fleece came from villagers who used sheepskins to collect gold grains: http://t.co/6saFtwM3a9 http://t.co/WcPViEFEpG" cried Stubb, "Christianity doesn't give you what you want, it is more like an explosion that destroys everything you had to make way for something new."

"It's going to be a great day in church! Our Senior Pastor @BrianCHouston is preaching across the morning! Everyone welcome. See you there!"

"iamdjtech we out here in deez streets for the bro losangelesconfidential bday @ Supper Club http://t.co/5eFTHJLXTK"

Upon this, Fleece, holding both hands over the fishy mob, raised his
shrill voice, and cried--

"A Kickstarter to buy James Watson’s Nobel prize medal and melt it down to make a memorial bust of Rosalind Franklin."

"England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK" said Stubb, resuming his supper at the capstan; "UK &amp; Ireland, pay attention to the ad breaks in tonight’s @TheXFactor for exciting tour news ..."

"I'm seriously so thankful for you all ❤️" said Fleece, again stooping over upon his tongs in the
desired position.

"Love it @Bhaenow ! Well done lad ! #xfactor" said Stubb, helping himself freely meanwhile; "Tip: If you chew gum when you study a subject and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test it can help you remember."

"The RL Elmer Tray is handmade from teak &amp; hammered iron trim, &amp; makes the perfect host gift. http://t.co/WdTjV7upk4 http://t.co/izh7dq4d4Q" said the old black, testily.

"Silence and smile are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is the way to avoid many problems."

"Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve" he gloomily muttered.

"On the menu at our restaurant in #Iceland...minke whale steak or the tenderloin horse? Decisions decisions" rapidly bolting another
mouthful at the last word, so that morsel seemed a continuation of the
question. "What do you make of Alastair Cook's ODI record with @ECB_cricket? #SSNHQ http://t.co/O27fJNZNzk"

"I heard about a legendary boat that would carry people gently across bodies of water, perhaps with stops along the way.

I love ferry tales."

"I heard about a legendary boat that would carry people gently across bodies of water, perhaps with stops along the way.

I love ferry tales."

"Which country consumes the most coffee? Today's Data Dive: http://t.co/mhrYVZfAhJ http://t.co/VtiPgdRjP0" he cried sharply.

"On the menu at our restaurant in #Iceland...minke whale steak or the tenderloin horse? Decisions decisions"

"Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own" he growled, angrily, turning round
to depart.

"Here's how England are paying tribute to Phillip Hughes: http://t.co/G4TDMr6iIx. #putoutyourbats #RIPPhilHughes http://t.co/vSsqL0jui5"--holding the tongs towards him--"At what point do I stop staring at Nala and get on with my evening? She's been asleep for the past 30 mins but I can't take my eyes off her"

Faintly smacking his withered lips over it for a moment, the old negro
muttered, "Nomnom: Buy and sell home-cooked meals http://t.co/6VnzDZCkGc http://t.co/qDHkOx1DCO"

"England captain @ChrisRobshaw holds aloft the Cook Cup following England's 26-17 victory over Australia #ENGvAUS http://t.co/Tb7wIc5zNK" said Stubb, squaring himself once more; "I imagine that all of the SEC refs gather for church on Sunday's and fried chicken and sweet tea. Anybody else??"

"Woke up in Cape Coast.... Going down tonight.... #UCC http://t.co/b2b7au8TFH" said the old man sullenly.

"RT
@IndiaToday:CR Kesavan:PM addressing parliament across the world,why can't he face his parl on Indians in Iraq 
http://t.co/A4gFYpS0EJ" said Stubb. "What do you make of Alastair Cook's ODI record with @ECB_cricket? #SSNHQ http://t.co/O27fJNZNzk"

"DOME TOUR『BLUE PLANET』

NEW ALBUM『PLANET SEVEN』

....Coming Soon!!!

#ドームツアー #夢を叶える
#ALBUM
#BLUEPLANET… http://t.co/FT3tEzVanT" he mumbled, half-turning as he spoke.

"Question: What is the Logic behind a white person telling a black person to "GO BACK TO AFRICA" when ur people r the reason we're even here?"

"Ryan Knight, a cast member on MTV's "Real World: New Orleans," has died. http://t.co/wHOF7f8xPJ http://t.co/RnRHV63RQI" said the negro slowly, changing his whole
air and demeanor, "I wanna sneak out in the middle of the night and drive to the middle of nowhere and lay on the roof of a car and stare at the stars"

"can we skip this whole “college” thing and go straight and go to the part where i have a really awesome job and spend all my time traveling?"

"That boy right dere" said Fleece, holding his tongs straight over his head, and
keeping it there very solemnly.

"List: All-time top goalscorers in main European leagues #fcblive [via @laligaennumeros] http://t.co/Ci3zn0b6Lx"

"WHY CAN'T ALL THE BOYS WHO GO TO MY SCHOOL LOOK LIKE THIS http://t.co/35OS9F0dx3" said Fleece, again in the sulks.

"It seems like there's way more white dudes out there hugging lions than any other time in history. Is that progress?"

"I'm seriously so thankful for you all ❤️" said the old black, with both hands placed as desired,
vainly wriggling his grizzled head, as if to get both ears in front at
one and the same time.

"On the menu at our restaurant in #Iceland...minke whale steak or the tenderloin horse? Decisions decisions"

But Fleece had hardly got three paces off, when he was recalled.

"My one and only breakfast so I don't fall asleep this morning, with the math that I DON'T like.. #MyMathLife http://t.co/G6hKinps2g"

"Michael Vick went to the jail for killing dogs and Plexico Burress went for shooting hisself in the leg??? I DONT GET IT AT ALL." muttered the old man,
limping away; with which sage ejaculation he went to his hammock.



CHAPTER 65. The Whale as a Dish.


That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his lamp, and,
like Stubb, eat him by his own light, as you may say; this seems so
outlandish a thing that one must needs go a little into the history and
philosophy of it.

It is upon record, that three centuries ago the tongue of the Right
Whale was esteemed a great delicacy in France, and commanded large
prices there. Also, that in Henry VIIIth's time, a certain cook of the
court obtained a handsome reward for inventing an admirable sauce to be
eaten with barbacued porpoises, which, you remember, are a species of
whale. Porpoises, indeed, are to this day considered fine eating. The
meat is made into balls about the size of billiard balls, and being well
seasoned and spiced might be taken for turtle-balls or veal balls.
The old monks of Dunfermline were very fond of them. They had a great
porpoise grant from the crown.

The fact is, that among his hunters at least, the whale would by all
hands be considered a noble dish, were there not so much of him; but
when you come to sit down before a meat-pie nearly one hundred feet
long, it takes away your appetite. Only the most unprejudiced of men
like Stubb, nowadays partake of cooked whales; but the Esquimaux are not
so fastidious. We all know how they live upon whales, and have rare
old vintages of prime old train oil. Zogranda, one of their most famous
doctors, recommends strips of blubber for infants, as being exceedingly
juicy and nourishing. And this reminds me that certain Englishmen, who
long ago were accidentally left in Greenland by a whaling vessel--that
these men actually lived for several months on the mouldy scraps of
whales which had been left ashore after trying out the blubber. Among
the Dutch whalemen these scraps are called "Apple Fritters with Cinnamon Sugar http://t.co/N8kZfkDjl3"; which, indeed,
they greatly resemble, being brown and crisp, and smelling something
like old Amsterdam housewives' dough-nuts or oly-cooks, when fresh. They
have such an eatable look that the most self-denying stranger can hardly
keep his hands off.

But what further depreciates the whale as a civilized dish, is his
exceeding richness. He is the great prize ox of the sea, too fat to be
delicately good. Look at his hump, which would be as fine eating as
the buffalo's (which is esteemed a rare dish), were it not such a solid
pyramid of fat. But the spermaceti itself, how bland and creamy that
is; like the transparent, half-jellied, white meat of a cocoanut in the
third month of its growth, yet far too rich to supply a substitute for
butter. Nevertheless, many whalemen have a method of absorbing it into
some other substance, and then partaking of it. In the long try
watches of the night it is a common thing for the seamen to dip their
ship-biscuit into the huge oil-pots and let them fry there awhile. Many
a good supper have I thus made.

In the case of a small Sperm Whale the brains are accounted a fine dish.
The casket of the skull is broken into with an axe, and the two plump,
whitish lobes being withdrawn (precisely resembling two large puddings),
they are then mixed with flour, and cooked into a most delectable mess,
in flavor somewhat resembling calves' head, which is quite a dish among
some epicures; and every one knows that some young bucks among the
epicures, by continually dining upon calves' brains, by and by get to
have a little brains of their own, so as to be able to tell a
calf's head from their own heads; which, indeed, requires uncommon
discrimination. And that is the reason why a young buck with an
intelligent looking calf's head before him, is somehow one of the
saddest sights you can see. The head looks a sort of reproachfully at
him, with an "Dawson just hit Giroud in the face! The brute! Lock him up!" expression.

It is not, perhaps, entirely because the whale is so excessively
unctuous that landsmen seem to regard the eating of him with abhorrence;
that appears to result, in some way, from the consideration before
mentioned: i.e. that a man should eat a newly murdered thing of the sea,
and eat it too by its own light. But no doubt the first man that ever
murdered an ox was regarded as a murderer; perhaps he was hung; and if
he had been put on his trial by oxen, he certainly would have been; and
he certainly deserved it if any murderer does. Go to the meat-market
of a Saturday night and see the crowds of live bipeds staring up at the
long rows of dead quadrupeds. Does not that sight take a tooth out of
the cannibal's jaw? Cannibals? who is not a cannibal? I tell you it will
be more tolerable for the Fejee that salted down a lean missionary in
his cellar against a coming famine; it will be more tolerable for that
provident Fejee, I say, in the day of judgment, than for thee, civilized
and enlightened gourmand, who nailest geese to the ground and feastest
on their bloated livers in thy pate-de-foie-gras.

But Stubb, he eats the whale by its own light, does he? and that is
adding insult to injury, is it? Look at your knife-handle, there, my
civilized and enlightened gourmand dining off that roast beef, what is
that handle made of?--what but the bones of the brother of the very ox
you are eating? And what do you pick your teeth with, after devouring
that fat goose? With a feather of the same fowl. And with what quill did
the Secretary of the Society for the Suppression of Cruelty to Ganders
formally indite his circulars? It is only within the last month or two
that that society passed a resolution to patronise nothing but steel
pens.



CHAPTER 66. The Shark Massacre.


When in the Southern Fishery, a captured Sperm Whale, after long and
weary toil, is brought alongside late at night, it is not, as a general
thing at least, customary to proceed at once to the business of cutting
him in. For that business is an exceedingly laborious one; is not very
soon completed; and requires all hands to set about it. Therefore, the
common usage is to take in all sail; lash the helm a'lee; and then send
every one below to his hammock till daylight, with the reservation that,
until that time, anchor-watches shall be kept; that is, two and two for
an hour, each couple, the crew in rotation shall mount the deck to see
that all goes well.

But sometimes, especially upon the Line in the Pacific, this plan will
not answer at all; because such incalculable hosts of sharks gather
round the moored carcase, that were he left so for six hours, say, on a
stretch, little more than the skeleton would be visible by morning.
In most other parts of the ocean, however, where these fish do not so
largely abound, their wondrous voracity can be at times considerably
diminished, by vigorously stirring them up with sharp whaling-spades,
a procedure notwithstanding, which, in some instances, only seems to
tickle them into still greater activity. But it was not thus in the
present case with the Pequod's sharks; though, to be sure, any man
unaccustomed to such sights, to have looked over her side that night,
would have almost thought the whole round sea was one huge cheese, and
those sharks the maggots in it.

Nevertheless, upon Stubb setting the anchor-watch after his supper was
concluded; and when, accordingly, Queequeg and a forecastle seaman
came on deck, no small excitement was created among the sharks; for
immediately suspending the cutting stages over the side, and lowering
three lanterns, so that they cast long gleams of light over the turbid
sea, these two mariners, darting their long whaling-spades, kept up an
incessant murdering of the sharks,* by striking the keen steel deep
into their skulls, seemingly their only vital part. But in the foamy
confusion of their mixed and struggling hosts, the marksmen could not
always hit their mark; and this brought about new revelations of the
incredible ferocity of the foe. They viciously snapped, not only at each
other's disembowelments, but like flexible bows, bent round, and bit
their own; till those entrails seemed swallowed over and over again by
the same mouth, to be oppositely voided by the gaping wound. Nor was
this all. It was unsafe to meddle with the corpses and ghosts of these
creatures. A sort of generic or Pantheistic vitality seemed to lurk in
their very joints and bones, after what might be called the individual
life had departed. Killed and hoisted on deck for the sake of his skin,
one of these sharks almost took poor Queequeg's hand off, when he tried
to shut down the dead lid of his murderous jaw.


*The whaling-spade used for cutting-in is made of the very best steel;
is about the bigness of a man's spread hand; and in general shape,
corresponds to the garden implement after which it is named; only its
sides are perfectly flat, and its upper end considerably narrower than
the lower. This weapon is always kept as sharp as possible; and when
being used is occasionally honed, just like a razor. In its socket, a
stiff pole, from twenty to thirty feet long, is inserted for a handle.


"Toying with a shark. http://t.co/TXufuQOxxb" said the savage, agonizingly
lifting his hand up and down; "VP Joe Biden made an appearance at the Nantucket Atheneum’s annual Cold Turkey Plunge  http://t.co/39vLKuLMQv http://t.co/GWrW5jlZY5"



CHAPTER 67. Cutting In.


It was a Saturday night, and such a Sabbath as followed! Ex officio
professors of Sabbath breaking are all whalemen. The ivory Pequod was
turned into what seemed a shamble; every sailor a butcher. You would
have thought we were offering up ten thousand red oxen to the sea gods.

In the first place, the enormous cutting tackles, among other ponderous
things comprising a cluster of blocks generally painted green, and which
no single man can possibly lift--this vast bunch of grapes was swayed up
to the main-top and firmly lashed to the lower mast-head, the strongest
point anywhere above a ship's deck. The end of the hawser-like rope
winding through these intricacies, was then conducted to the windlass,
and the huge lower block of the tackles was swung over the whale; to
this block the great blubber hook, weighing some one hundred pounds, was
attached. And now suspended in stages over the side, Starbuck and Stubb,
the mates, armed with their long spades, began cutting a hole in the
body for the insertion of the hook just above the nearest of the two
side-fins. This done, a broad, semicircular line is cut round the hole,
the hook is inserted, and the main body of the crew striking up a wild
chorus, now commence heaving in one dense crowd at the windlass. When
instantly, the entire ship careens over on her side; every bolt in
her starts like the nail-heads of an old house in frosty weather; she
trembles, quivers, and nods her frighted mast-heads to the sky. More
and more she leans over to the whale, while every gasping heave of the
windlass is answered by a helping heave from the billows; till at last,
a swift, startling snap is heard; with a great swash the ship rolls
upwards and backwards from the whale, and the triumphant tackle rises
into sight dragging after it the disengaged semicircular end of the
first strip of blubber. Now as the blubber envelopes the whale precisely
as the rind does an orange, so is it stripped off from the body
precisely as an orange is sometimes stripped by spiralizing it. For the
strain constantly kept up by the windlass continually keeps the whale
rolling over and over in the water, and as the blubber in one strip
uniformly peels off along the line called the "At Turf Moor where a Newcastle supporter with shirt and scarf has parked beside me. I hope he knows his team plays here on Tuesday." simultaneously
cut by the spades of Starbuck and Stubb, the mates; and just as fast as
it is thus peeled off, and indeed by that very act itself, it is all the
time being hoisted higher and higher aloft till its upper end grazes the
main-top; the men at the windlass then cease heaving, and for a moment
or two the prodigious blood-dripping mass sways to and fro as if let
down from the sky, and every one present must take good heed to dodge
it when it swings, else it may box his ears and pitch him headlong
overboard.

One of the attending harpooneers now advances with a long, keen weapon
called a boarding-sword, and watching his chance he dexterously slices
out a considerable hole in the lower part of the swaying mass. Into this
hole, the end of the second alternating great tackle is then hooked
so as to retain a hold upon the blubber, in order to prepare for what
follows. Whereupon, this accomplished swordsman, warning all hands to
stand off, once more makes a scientific dash at the mass, and with a few
sidelong, desperate, lunging slicings, severs it completely in twain;
so that while the short lower part is still fast, the long upper strip,
called a blanket-piece, swings clear, and is all ready for lowering.
The heavers forward now resume their song, and while the one tackle is
peeling and hoisting a second strip from the whale, the other is slowly
slackened away, and down goes the first strip through the main hatchway
right beneath, into an unfurnished parlor called the blubber-room. Into
this twilight apartment sundry nimble hands keep coiling away the long
blanket-piece as if it were a great live mass of plaited serpents.
And thus the work proceeds; the two tackles hoisting and lowering
simultaneously; both whale and windlass heaving, the heavers singing,
the blubber-room gentlemen coiling, the mates scarfing, the ship
straining, and all hands swearing occasionally, by way of assuaging the
general friction.



CHAPTER 68. The Blanket.


I have given no small attention to that not unvexed subject, the skin of
the whale. I have had controversies about it with experienced whalemen
afloat, and learned naturalists ashore. My original opinion remains
unchanged; but it is only an opinion.

The question is, what and where is the skin of the whale? Already you
know what his blubber is. That blubber is something of the consistence
of firm, close-grained beef, but tougher, more elastic and compact, and
ranges from eight or ten to twelve and fifteen inches in thickness.

Now, however preposterous it may at first seem to talk of any creature's
skin as being of that sort of consistence and thickness, yet in point
of fact these are no arguments against such a presumption; because you
cannot raise any other dense enveloping layer from the whale's body but
that same blubber; and the outermost enveloping layer of any animal, if
reasonably dense, what can that be but the skin? True, from the unmarred
dead body of the whale, you may scrape off with your hand an infinitely
thin, transparent substance, somewhat resembling the thinnest shreds
of isinglass, only it is almost as flexible and soft as satin; that is,
previous to being dried, when it not only contracts and thickens, but
becomes rather hard and brittle. I have several such dried bits, which
I use for marks in my whale-books. It is transparent, as I said before;
and being laid upon the printed page, I have sometimes pleased myself
with fancying it exerted a magnifying influence. At any rate, it is
pleasant to read about whales through their own spectacles, as you may
say. But what I am driving at here is this. That same infinitely thin,
isinglass substance, which, I admit, invests the entire body of the
whale, is not so much to be regarded as the skin of the creature, as
the skin of the skin, so to speak; for it were simply ridiculous to say,
that the proper skin of the tremendous whale is thinner and more tender
than the skin of a new-born child. But no more of this.

Assuming the blubber to be the skin of the whale; then, when this skin,
as in the case of a very large Sperm Whale, will yield the bulk of one
hundred barrels of oil; and, when it is considered that, in quantity, or
rather weight, that oil, in its expressed state, is only three fourths,
and not the entire substance of the coat; some idea may hence be had
of the enormousness of that animated mass, a mere part of whose mere
integument yields such a lake of liquid as that. Reckoning ten barrels
to the ton, you have ten tons for the net weight of only three quarters
of the stuff of the whale's skin.

In life, the visible surface of the Sperm Whale is not the least among
the many marvels he presents. Almost invariably it is all over obliquely
crossed and re-crossed with numberless straight marks in thick array,
something like those in the finest Italian line engravings. But these
marks do not seem to be impressed upon the isinglass substance above
mentioned, but seem to be seen through it, as if they were engraved
upon the body itself. Nor is this all. In some instances, to the quick,
observant eye, those linear marks, as in a veritable engraving, but
afford the ground for far other delineations. These are hieroglyphical;
that is, if you call those mysterious cyphers on the walls of pyramids
hieroglyphics, then that is the proper word to use in the present
connexion. By my retentive memory of the hieroglyphics upon one Sperm
Whale in particular, I was much struck with a plate representing the old
Indian characters chiselled on the famous hieroglyphic palisades on
the banks of the Upper Mississippi. Like those mystic rocks, too, the
mystic-marked whale remains undecipherable. This allusion to the Indian
rocks reminds me of another thing. Besides all the other phenomena which
the exterior of the Sperm Whale presents, he not seldom displays the
back, and more especially his flanks, effaced in great part of the
regular linear appearance, by reason of numerous rude scratches,
altogether of an irregular, random aspect. I should say that those New
England rocks on the sea-coast, which Agassiz imagines to bear the marks
of violent scraping contact with vast floating icebergs--I should say,
that those rocks must not a little resemble the Sperm Whale in this
particular. It also seems to me that such scratches in the whale are
probably made by hostile contact with other whales; for I have most
remarked them in the large, full-grown bulls of the species.

A word or two more concerning this matter of the skin or blubber of
the whale. It has already been said, that it is stript from him in long
pieces, called blanket-pieces. Like most sea-terms, this one is very
happy and significant. For the whale is indeed wrapt up in his blubber
as in a real blanket or counterpane; or, still better, an Indian poncho
slipt over his head, and skirting his extremity. It is by reason of this
cosy blanketing of his body, that the whale is enabled to keep himself
comfortable in all weathers, in all seas, times, and tides. What would
become of a Greenland whale, say, in those shuddering, icy seas of the
North, if unsupplied with his cosy surtout? True, other fish are
found exceedingly brisk in those Hyperborean waters; but these, be it
observed, are your cold-blooded, lungless fish, whose very bellies
are refrigerators; creatures, that warm themselves under the lee of
an iceberg, as a traveller in winter would bask before an inn fire;
whereas, like man, the whale has lungs and warm blood. Freeze his blood,
and he dies. How wonderful is it then--except after explanation--that
this great monster, to whom corporeal warmth is as indispensable as it
is to man; how wonderful that he should be found at home, immersed
to his lips for life in those Arctic waters! where, when seamen fall
overboard, they are sometimes found, months afterwards, perpendicularly
frozen into the hearts of fields of ice, as a fly is found glued
in amber. But more surprising is it to know, as has been proved by
experiment, that the blood of a Polar whale is warmer than that of a
Borneo negro in summer.

It does seem to me, that herein we see the rare virtue of a strong
individual vitality, and the rare virtue of thick walls, and the rare
virtue of interior spaciousness. Oh, man! admire and model thyself after
the whale! Do thou, too, remain warm among ice. Do thou, too, live in
this world without being of it. Be cool at the equator; keep thy blood
fluid at the Pole. Like the great dome of St. Peter's, and like the
great whale, retain, O man! in all seasons a temperature of thine own.

But how easy and how hopeless to teach these fine things! Of erections,
how few are domed like St. Peter's! of creatures, how few vast as the
whale!



CHAPTER 69. The Funeral.


Haul in the chains! Let the carcase go astern!

The vast tackles have now done their duty. The peeled white body of the
beheaded whale flashes like a marble sepulchre; though changed in hue,
it has not perceptibly lost anything in bulk. It is still colossal.
Slowly it floats more and more away, the water round it torn and
splashed by the insatiate sharks, and the air above vexed with rapacious
flights of screaming fowls, whose beaks are like so many insulting
poniards in the whale. The vast white headless phantom floats further
and further from the ship, and every rod that it so floats, what seem
square roods of sharks and cubic roods of fowls, augment the murderous
din. For hours and hours from the almost stationary ship that hideous
sight is seen. Beneath the unclouded and mild azure sky, upon the fair
face of the pleasant sea, wafted by the joyous breezes, that great mass
of death floats on and on, till lost in infinite perspectives.

There's a most doleful and most mocking funeral! The sea-vultures all in
pious mourning, the air-sharks all punctiliously in black or speckled.
In life but few of them would have helped the whale, I ween, if
peradventure he had needed it; but upon the banquet of his funeral they
most piously do pounce. Oh, horrible vultureism of earth! from which not
the mightiest whale is free.

Nor is this the end. Desecrated as the body is, a vengeful ghost
survives and hovers over it to scare. Espied by some timid man-of-war or
blundering discovery-vessel from afar, when the distance obscuring the
swarming fowls, nevertheless still shows the white mass floating in
the sun, and the white spray heaving high against it; straightway the
whale's unharming corpse, with trembling fingers is set down in the
log--SHOALS, ROCKS, AND BREAKERS HEREABOUTS: BEWARE! And for years
afterwards, perhaps, ships shun the place; leaping over it as silly
sheep leap over a vacuum, because their leader originally leaped there
when a stick was held. There's your law of precedents; there's your
utility of traditions; there's the story of your obstinate survival of
old beliefs never bottomed on the earth, and now not even hovering in
the air! There's orthodoxy!

Thus, while in life the great whale's body may have been a real terror
to his foes, in his death his ghost becomes a powerless panic to a
world.

Are you a believer in ghosts, my friend? There are other ghosts than
the Cock-Lane one, and far deeper men than Doctor Johnson who believe in
them.



CHAPTER 70. The Sphynx.


It should not have been omitted that previous to completely stripping
the body of the leviathan, he was beheaded. Now, the beheading of the
Sperm Whale is a scientific anatomical feat, upon which experienced
whale surgeons very much pride themselves: and not without reason.

Consider that the whale has nothing that can properly be called a neck;
on the contrary, where his head and body seem to join, there, in that
very place, is the thickest part of him. Remember, also, that the
surgeon must operate from above, some eight or ten feet intervening
between him and his subject, and that subject almost hidden in a
discoloured, rolling, and oftentimes tumultuous and bursting sea. Bear
in mind, too, that under these untoward circumstances he has to cut many
feet deep in the flesh; and in that subterraneous manner, without so
much as getting one single peep into the ever-contracting gash thus
made, he must skilfully steer clear of all adjacent, interdicted parts,
and exactly divide the spine at a critical point hard by its insertion
into the skull. Do you not marvel, then, at Stubb's boast, that he
demanded but ten minutes to behead a sperm whale?

When first severed, the head is dropped astern and held there by a cable
till the body is stripped. That done, if it belong to a small whale
it is hoisted on deck to be deliberately disposed of. But, with a full
grown leviathan this is impossible; for the sperm whale's head embraces
nearly one third of his entire bulk, and completely to suspend such a
burden as that, even by the immense tackles of a whaler, this were as
vain a thing as to attempt weighing a Dutch barn in jewellers' scales.

The Pequod's whale being decapitated and the body stripped, the head was
hoisted against the ship's side--about half way out of the sea, so that
it might yet in great part be buoyed up by its native element. And there
with the strained craft steeply leaning over to it, by reason of the
enormous downward drag from the lower mast-head, and every yard-arm
on that side projecting like a crane over the waves; there, that
blood-dripping head hung to the Pequod's waist like the giant
Holofernes's from the girdle of Judith.

When this last task was accomplished it was noon, and the seamen went
below to their dinner. Silence reigned over the before tumultuous but
now deserted deck. An intense copper calm, like a universal yellow
lotus, was more and more unfolding its noiseless measureless leaves upon
the sea.

A short space elapsed, and up into this noiselessness came Ahab alone
from his cabin. Taking a few turns on the quarter-deck, he paused to
gaze over the side, then slowly getting into the main-chains he
took Stubb's long spade--still remaining there after the whale's
Decapitation--and striking it into the lower part of the half-suspended
mass, placed its other end crutch-wise under one arm, and so stood
leaning over with eyes attentively fixed on this head.

It was a black and hooded head; and hanging there in the midst of so
intense a calm, it seemed the Sphynx's in the desert. "Remembering the venerable Pat Quinn, the Toronto Maple Leafs' last great head coach. http://t.co/UvD6DWYNMb http://t.co/FzFOiGrRZL" muttered Ahab, "The difference between a helping hand and an outstretched palm is a twist of the wrist.~Laurence Leamer, King of the Night"

"Two strangers sail across the Atlantic, and win the race. http://t.co/jUtq6Oj8y6 http://t.co/aOtwGJwYeA" cried a triumphant voice from the main-mast-head.

"this hedgehog is cheering 4 u bc u can do anything http://t.co/oybUrFR8aV" cried Ahab, suddenly erecting
himself, while whole thunder-clouds swept aside from his brow.
"In nature we see where God has been.  In our fellow man, we see where He is still at work.  -Robert Brault"

"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"Better and better, man. Would now St. Paul would come along that way,
and to my breezelessness bring his breeze! O Nature, and O soul of man!
how far beyond all utterance are your linked analogies! not the smallest
atom stirs or lives on matter, but has its cunning duplicate in mind."The @NewStatesman has awarded me a column about Peep Show &amp; I've got 2 weeks to write it. Conscientiously, I will watch the whole lot."That's he! that's he!--the long-togged scaramouch the
Town-Ho's company told us of!"Your success as a leader depends on being free of self-deception.  How have you done recently? | #leadership  @UpSearch"I fear not thy epidemic, man,"The Mayhew cats are getting ready for Christmas and already have their stockings hanging up outside their cabins! http://t.co/GfniHAF0lp"come on board."Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own"Think, think of the fevers, yellow and bilious! Beware of the horrible
plague!"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Gabriel! Gabriel!"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"thou must either--"running headlong into darkness with your name like a lantern in my chest."Hast thou seen the White Whale?"#PFUJ demanded Info Minister &amp; PEMRA 2 take action on suice incident of RoyalTV's Imran after he was refused his 4 months salary by employer"Think, think of thy whale-boat, stoven and sunk! Beware of the horrible
tail!"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"I tell thee again, Gabriel, that--"God never leads us where He cannot keep us. His grace is always sufficient for us in any and every circumstance of life."The vial! the vial!"If homework included crying over band members and memorizing song lyrics, specifically 5sos's, I would be getting A's in school"Aye."🙈RT @curtisgwinn: This couple in front of me just ordered $50 of prime rib &amp; proudly exclaimed "it's for our dogs!" http://t.co/UbrmP1K17r"Think, think of the blasphemer--dead, and down
there!--beware of the blasphemer's end!"The Mayhew cats are getting ready for Christmas and already have their stockings hanging up outside their cabins! http://t.co/GfniHAF0lp"Captain, I have
just bethought me of my letter-bag; there is a letter for one of thy
officers, if I mistake not. Starbuck, look over the bag."More and more pilots are reporting that they're encountering drones during flight. http://t.co/HD2WRIe8M9 via @CNNMoney"Can'st not read it?""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"Give it me, man. Aye, aye, it's but
a dim scrawl;--what's this?"Just think, this time next week you can curl up with #1DWWAConcertFilm - in the meantime here's another clip! http://t.co/wcvfp8h4ia"Mr. Har--yes, Mr.
Harry--(a woman's pinny hand,--the man's wife, I'll wager)--Aye--Mr.
Harry Macey, Ship Jeroboam;--why it's Macey, and he's dead!"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Poor fellow! poor fellow! and from his wife,"The Mayhew cats are getting ready for Christmas and already have their stockings hanging up outside their cabins! http://t.co/GfniHAF0lp"but let
me have it."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Nay, keep it thyself,"Where is Father Gabriel going? Find out tomorrow during #TheWalkingDead mid-season finale at 9|8c.http://t.co/DX34gDxDMp"thou art soon going that
way."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Curses throttle thee!"I hope somewhere today a hipster &amp; a homeschooler both went for the same pair of jorts then yelled "Jortal Kombat!" before fighting for them"Captain Mayhew, stand by now to
receive it""The present is what slips by us while we're pondering the past and worrying about the future." - Ziggy"Ginger? Do I smell ginger?"Strong @WesleyLowery piece on Thanskgiving w/ #MikeBrown family pastor, whose church was suspiciously set aflame: http://t.co/n7EBCO1dHf"Yes, this must be ginger,"Frankly these owls are incredulous. #PeterPanLive http://t.co/SGUfHOok1O"Ginger? ginger? and will you have
the goodness to tell me, Mr. Dough-Boy, where lies the virtue of ginger?
Ginger! is ginger the sort of fuel you use, Dough-boy, to kindle a fire
in this shivering cannibal? Ginger!--what the devil is ginger?
Sea-coal? firewood?--lucifer matches?--tinder?--gunpowder?--what the
devil is ginger, I say, that you offer this cup to our poor Queequeg
here."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"There is some sneaking Temperance Society movement about this
business,"Jewish refugees, approaching allied soldiers, become aware that they have just been liberated, April, 1945 http://t.co/5Z0zwji3G9"Will you look at that kannakin, sir; smell of it,
if you please."Only those who can sense all the beauty of the universe in a single flower and see rainstorms in a drop water can understand its countenance"The
steward, Mr. Starbuck, had the face to offer that calomel and jalap
to Queequeg, there, this instant off the whale. Is the steward an
apothecary, sir? and may I ask whether this is the sort of bitters by
which he blows back the life into a half-drowned man?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"I trust not,"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"it is poor stuff enough."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Aye, aye, steward,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"we'll teach you to drug a
harpooneer; none of your apothecary's medicine here; you want to poison
us, do ye? You have got out insurances on our lives and want to murder
us all, and pocket the proceeds, do ye?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"It was not me,"Whenever you're sad about a boy just eat cookie dough &amp; get unsad."it was Aunt Charity that brought the
ginger on board; and bade me never give the harpooneers any spirits, but
only this ginger-jub--so she called it."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Ginger-jub! you gingerly rascal! take that! and run along with ye
to the lockers, and get something better. I hope I do no wrong, Mr.
Starbuck. It is the captain's orders--grog for the harpooneer on a
whale."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Enough,"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"only don't hit him again, but--"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Oh, I never hurt when I hit, except when I hit a whale or something of
that sort; and this fellow's a weazel. What were you about saying, sir?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Only this: go down with him, and get what thou wantest thyself."GMB has commissioned the new 6-lane Airport Road...which PDP was unable to construct in 8 years of misrule....the power of courage &amp; vision!"Cut, cut!"Lowry's relentless style of play puts him in MVP conversation (via @SekouSmithNBA): http://t.co/t9MJdUC8BG http://t.co/VQiu3GWFz1"I wonder what the old man wants with this lump of foul lard,"Big Sony PIctures Classics pack in for awards consideration with "Mr. Turner," "Still Alice," and "Leviathan" #FYC"Wants with it?"Last Chance! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win this #AmericanMade Flask from @JacobBromwell! http://t.co/Eh3rfJCsiT"did you never hear that the ship which but once has a Sperm Whale's
head hoisted on her starboard side, and at the same time a Right Whale's
on the larboard; did you never hear, Stubb, that that ship can never
afterwards capsize?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Why not?

"sometimes I fall in love with cartoon characters"

"if you're in a bad mood just imagine Marilyn Manson standing on a rickety ladder putting Christmas lights on his house"--pointing into the sea with a peculiar motion of
both hands--"As you well know, NOTHING about the pursuit of fairness under the law is anti-white. Claiming otherwise is weakness in disguise."

"Videos being shown at press conference now to expose massive rigging done in May 2013 elections. #IKpressCon"

"Videos being shown at press conference now to expose massive rigging done in May 2013 elections. #IKpressCon"

"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"

"Tis Saturday I suppose"

"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X"

"Helicopters whirling overhead at D-Chowk. Come on folks let us give them an eyeful. Oppressed people of Pakistan will never surrender"

"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"

"It's rivalry week. Kentucky and Louisville get HEATED before their annual battle for the Governor's Cup. 
VIDEO: http://t.co/MHyXGuQ8bq"

"Question: What is the Logic behind a white person telling a black person to "GO BACK TO AFRICA" when ur people r the reason we're even here?" said Flask,
when at last the two boats were slowly advancing with their burden
towards the ship, "Remember 4pm = #H1DDENinSpotify http://t.co/L9BvN7Is0y"

"Is there a Spanish Nigel Farage convincing gullible, racist Spaniards that all their social woes are due to Brit expats on the Costa Brava?"

"Even if they did not air the entire thing, I am proud of @bellatwins for speaking from the heart... #fearless #smackdown"

"All this talk about Cumberbatch being in Star Wars now.... I swear to god, if he's secretly Grand Admiral Thrawn....  I will be so happy."

"Tis Saturday I suppose"

"mom: "is there ever a moment when you think... what am i even doing?"
me: "every. single. day."" pointing to the ship; "Read my latest blog, “Creation Days Not the Same as 24-hour Earth Days” http://t.co/fQ5Wo7X7MF #CreationDaysAreNotLiteral24hrDays"

"Want to win a @ScufGaming controller? RT &amp; follow MLG for a chance to win!

#MLGAWOPEN - http://t.co/hZiVERQkzn http://t.co/NrMpyUZwAd"Give him a good ducking, anyhow."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"But he'd crawl back."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Duck him again; and keep ducking him."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Suppose he should take it into his head to duck you, though--yes, and
drown you--what then?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"I should like to see him try it; I'd give him such a pair of black eyes
that he wouldn't dare to show his face in the admiral's cabin again for
a long while, let alone down in the orlop there, where he lives, and
hereabouts on the upper decks where he sneaks so much. Damn the devil,
Flask; so you suppose I'm afraid of the devil? Who's afraid of
him, except the old governor who daresn't catch him and put him in
double-darbies, as he deserves, but lets him go about kidnapping
people; aye, and signed a bond with him, that all the people the devil
kidnapped, he'd roast for him? There's a governor!"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Do you suppose Fedallah wants to kidnap Captain Ahab?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Do I suppose it? You'll know it before long, Flask. But I am going now
to keep a sharp look-out on him; and if I see anything very suspicious
going on, I'll just take him by the nape of his neck, and say--Look
here, Beelzebub, you don't do it; and if he makes any fuss, by the Lord
I'll make a grab into his pocket for his tail, take it to the capstan,
and give him such a wrenching and heaving, that his tail will come short
off at the stump--do you see; and then, I rather guess when he finds
himself docked in that queer fashion, he'll sneak off without the poor
satisfaction of feeling his tail between his legs."SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"And what will you do with the tail, Stubb?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Do with it? Sell it for an ox whip when we get home;--what else?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Now, do you mean what you say, and have been saying all along, Stubb?"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Mean or not mean, here we are at the ship."Congrats to UKIP activists in Bridlington for securing a by-election victory this week. The People's Army marches on: http://t.co/F1WqCNwx1y"Didn't I tell you so?"Last Chance! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win this #AmericanMade Flask from @JacobBromwell! http://t.co/Eh3rfJCsiT"yes, you'll soon see this right
whale's head hoisted up opposite that parmacetti's."it feels weird to burp bc I don't know how. So when it happens it startles me..Like right. Now. I just burped involuntarily😮💭"grey-headed whale."However today Im doing lots of fun things, so you'll get two good videos tomorrow! sorry again x"enlarge"Does Dolly REALLY belong on "The Isle of Misfit Toys"? I mean, those toys=real issues. Is Dolly a toy hypochondriac? http://t.co/zOPJbC9BEu"crown,"A former Southern University football player used the team’s band for a proposal http://t.co/Jh0SEUQs2o http://t.co/RYGsvKpEBG"bonnet"Microsoft makes its technology available to the first team and the technical staff http://t.co/qItoEg5S36 http://t.co/6grMnVYiVR"crown"I gotta stop watching feminist videos! These folks give creationists a run for their money for dogmatic conviction to demonstrable fictions."whiskers"Just think, this time next week you can curl up with #1DWWAConcertFilm - in the meantime here's another clip! http://t.co/wcvfp8h4ia"hogs' bristles"RIP Jack Kyle. A terrific player &amp; a proper gentleman."There are about two hundred and fifty fins growing on each side of his
upper CHOP, which arch over his tongue on each side of his mouth."Only those who can sense all the beauty of the universe in a single flower and see rainstorms in a drop water can understand its countenance"hogs' bristles,"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"fins,"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"whiskers,"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"blinds,"Best Director nominees: Richard Linklater - @BoyhoodMovie; David Zellner - Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter @kumikomovie - #SpiritAwards (2/2)"Man overboard!"Utah, when you think of the preseason consternation, &amp; how tough Pac-12 was this year, 8-4 &amp; nationally ranked is pretty darn good."Swing the bucket this way!"Sometimes this sense of isolation, like acid spilling out of a bottle, can unconsciously eat away at a person’s heart and dissolve it."Come down, come down!"ESPN wet its pants and suspended Keith Law because he defended evolution to creationist Curt Shilling. He’s back: http://t.co/D4nV8YDEbx"In heaven's name, man,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"are you ramming home a cartridge
there?--Avast! How will that help him; jamming that iron-bound bucket on
top of his head? Avast, will ye!"SAY IT AINT SOOO OW OW OW OW"Stand clear of the tackle!"RT if you think Diego Costa should be sent off by now? 

Kicking out at John O'Shea &amp; swinging arm at Wes Brown. http://t.co/NNPtqXgh7e"Ha! ha!"#WhenIWasYourAge: Airplanes were so loud, you had to pause your conversation whenever one flew overhead."Both! both!--it is both!"Herrera: The fans love Falcao because he fights for every ball like it is the last ball of his life.That is one of his best characteristics."God: done this day by my hand."In grand jury room, prosecutors call key eyewitness Dorian Johnson "Dorian" and target of the investigations "Officer Wilson.""What has he in his hand there?"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"Impossible!--a lamp-feeder!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Not that,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"no, no, it's a coffee-pot, Mr. Starbuck; he's
coming off to make us our coffee, is the Yarman; don't you see that big
tin can there alongside of him?--that's his boiling water. Oh! he's all
right, is the Yarman."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Go along with you,"Last Chance! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win this #AmericanMade Flask from @JacobBromwell! http://t.co/Eh3rfJCsiT"it's a lamp-feeder and an oil-can.
He's out of oil, and has come a-begging."UKIP warns of Schrödinger’s immigrant who ‘lazes around on benefits whilst simultaneously stealing your job’ http://t.co/05lxsWUDbU"Who's got some paregoric?"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"he has the stomach-ache, I'm
afraid. Lord, think of having half an acre of stomach-ache! Adverse
winds are holding mad Christmas in him, boys. It's the first foul wind
I ever knew to blow from astern; but look, did ever whale yaw so before?
it must be, he's lost his tiller."What a shame! Govt is so frightened that it is running a paid TVC campaign on all news channels. #GoNawazGo"Only wait a bit, old chap, and I'll give ye a sling for that wounded
arm,"my favorite thing about school was sitting with ur friend &amp; flipping through a random textbook pointing at ugly pictures &amp; saying “that’s u”"Mind he don't sling thee with it,"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"Give way, or the
German will have him."#WhenIWasYourAge: We made phone calls in Phone Booths, which is also where Superman occasionally changed his clothes."The ungracious and ungrateful dog!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"he mocks and dares
me with the very poor-box I filled for him not five minutes ago!"Harrys reaction when zayn tried to whisper but accidentally kissing his lips is priceless 😂
#MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/D9aaCEu52Z"Give way, greyhounds! Dog to it!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I tell ye what it is, men"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"it's against
my religion to get mad; but I'd like to eat that villainous
Yarman--Pull--won't ye? Are ye going to let that rascal beat ye? Do
ye love brandy? A hogshead of brandy, then, to the best man. Come,
why don't some of ye burst a blood-vessel? Who's that been dropping an
anchor overboard--we don't budge an inch--we're becalmed. Halloo, here's
grass growing in the boat's bottom--and by the Lord, the mast there's
budding. This won't do, boys. Look at that Yarman! The short and long of
it is, men, will ye spit fire or not?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh! see the suds he makes!"Brooklyn Duo did a cover of Blank Space that makes it sound like a song people should walk down the aisle to. http://t.co/3V97Etc0fq"What
a hump--Oh, DO pile on the beef--lays like a log! Oh! my lads, DO
spring--slap-jacks and quahogs for supper, you know, my lads--baked
clams and muffins--oh, DO, DO, spring,--he's a hundred barreller--don't
lose him now--don't oh, DON'T!--see that Yarman--Oh, won't ye pull for
your duff, my lads--such a sog! such a sogger! Don't ye love sperm?
There goes three thousand dollars, men!--a bank!--a whole bank! The bank
of England!--Oh, DO, DO, DO!--What's that Yarman about now?"If feminism is to blame for women being economically stable enough to leave a toxic marriage, good."The unmannerly Dutch dogger!"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"Pull now, men, like fifty
thousand line-of-battle-ship loads of red-haired devils. What d'ye say,
Tashtego; are you the man to snap your spine in two-and-twenty pieces
for the honour of old Gayhead? What d'ye say?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I say, pull like god-dam,"#WhenIWasYourAge: We made phone calls in Phone Booths, which is also where Superman occasionally changed his clothes."There she slides, now! Hurrah for the white-ash breeze! Down with
the Yarman! Sail over him!"UKIP warns of Schrödinger’s immigrant who ‘lazes around on benefits whilst simultaneously stealing your job’ http://t.co/05lxsWUDbU"Don't be afraid, my butter-boxes,"BACK TO #BoycottExodusMovie AND #RidleyScott: 
this casting isnt about funding. this casting is about anti-blackness
http://t.co/cbByyLQ520"ye'll be picked up presently--all
right--I saw some sharks astern--St. Bernard's dogs, you know--relieve
distressed travellers. Hurrah! this is the way to sail now. Every keel a
sunbeam! Hurrah!--Here we go like three tin kettles at the tail of a mad
cougar! This puts me in mind of fastening to an elephant in a tilbury on
a plain--makes the wheel-spokes fly, boys, when you fasten to him that
way; and there's danger of being pitched out too, when you strike a
hill. Hurrah! this is the way a fellow feels when he's going to Davy
Jones--all a rush down an endless inclined plane! Hurrah! this whale
carries the everlasting mail!"missmorgenstern said: I know it's not the perpendicular questions you get on Tumblr, but how many years... http://t.co/5HzabLCyp1"holding on,"Still have 2 days get the name right:
Ozarkalypse &gt; ARMOgeddon &gt; Ozark of the Covenant &gt; Battle Line Rivalry presented by Shelter Insurance."Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons?
or his head with fish-spears? The sword of him that layeth at him cannot
hold, the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon: he esteemeth iron as
straw; the arrow cannot make him flee; darts are counted as stubble;
he laugheth at the shaking of a spear!"Who could wish to harm such a beautiful creature? &gt;  Cameron &amp; his Countryside Alliance Government !   #CameronMustGo http://t.co/LA7NyyyqPg"Stand by, men; he stirs,"Love distinctly being able to hear the rock chalk chant even though the game is in Orlando...best fans in the nation."Haul in! Haul in!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"he's rising."eh, im allright, he kept the claws in, probably just burst a few blood vessels."A nice spot,"Last Chance! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win this #AmericanMade Flask from @JacobBromwell! http://t.co/Eh3rfJCsiT"just let me prick him there once."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Avast!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"there's no need of that!"Emir Muhammad Sanusi declares a sort of fatwah against Boko Haram....next thing his mosque is attacked almost unprecedentedly."Hold on, hold on, won't ye?"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"don't be in such
a devil of a hurry to sink! By thunder, men, we must do something or go
for it. No use prying there; avast, I say with your handspikes, and run
one of ye for a prayer book and a pen-knife, and cut the big chains."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Knife? Aye, aye,"Behind this laugh is a broken hearted girl #KamusCewek"Thou art as a lion of the waters, and as a
dragon of the sea,"NEW JONTRON! Jon takes a look at some old fashioned Plug and Play consoles. https://t.co/9oqL1IOUiX"A penny roll would choke him"Western commentators react to the #Mubarak trial by saying "the Arab Spring is dead." Egyptians react like this http://t.co/v65Qm0kyGK"The Whale,"I was christened Ross Kyle Gibson McBride O'Carroll-Kelly partly down to this man. RIP Jack Kyle. Gentleman. Legend. http://t.co/k9OcTuuLuw"Shark,"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"Gull,"We’re bringing On The Road Again to the UK and Ireland!! Tickets on sale 6th Dec!"Eagle."The rise of social media. The circumnavigation of Murdoch. 
Your next idiot @TonyAbbottMHR http://t.co/v5G1Nx6nSm"That drove the spigot out of him!"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"'Tis July's immortal
Fourth; all fountains must run wine today! Would now, it were old
Orleans whiskey, or old Ohio, or unspeakable old Monongahela! Then,
Tashtego, lad, I'd have ye hold a canakin to the jet, and we'd drink
round it! Yea, verily, hearts alive, we'd brew choice punch in the
spread of his spout-hole there, and from that live punch-bowl quaff the
living stuff."CONFIRMED: There is a gray wolf wandering around the Grand Canyon. Why that's great news: http://t.co/oqgbiMCB4T http://t.co/r3L4wL72LW"Well, boys, here's the ark!"It would have been lovely if d Govs Forum were spending d excess funds on meaningful projects...mba!...white elephant uncompleted projects"Aloft there, and rig whips and buckets to wet the
sails;--Malays, sir, and after us!"Who are the new American arts philanthropists? They're wealthy, cultured and living abroad: http://t.co/ybQW1ITAMD"Out of the way, Commodore!"39' - United still on top and starting to play some great passing football. Smalling and RvP have both threatened again. #mufclive"Hard down with your tail,
there!"ig·no·rant
('iɡnərənt/)
adj.
-lacking knowledge or awareness in general; uneducated or unsophisticated"Line! line!"Looking for a size large on #BlackFriday? Here's a supermassive black hole: http://t.co/gGSwz1ZCVH #BlackHoleFriday http://t.co/cEMoScMH1W"him fast! him
fast!--Who line him! Who struck?--Two whale; one big, one little!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"What ails ye, man?"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"Look-e here,"Extraordinary result in Victoria. Inspiring for Labor people all over the country. Congratulations @DanielAndrewsMP and @VictorianLabor"Oars! Oars!"My friends final wrestling match his senior year, came out to the match with a rainbow singlet and whispered "im gay" in the other guys ear"gripe your
oars, and clutch your souls, now! My God, men, stand by! Shove him off,
you Queequeg--the whale there!--prick him!--hit him! Stand up--stand
up, and stay so! Spring, men--pull, men; never mind their backs--scrape
them!--scrape away!"Characteristically so. RT @lisatozzi: The New Canada Twitter Account Is Endearingly Bad At Twitter http://t.co/Mz3y2qzozT"De balena vero sufficit, si rex habeat caput, et regina caudam."Jun mentioned Sehun in an ig comment "I'm cute too" (i think he was supposed to reply to the comment above lol) http://t.co/3rQ2R6iPs2"Hands off! this fish, my masters, is a Fast-Fish. I seize it
as the Lord Warden's."Not knowing the English versions of Christmas carols because you learned them all in Welsh"Please, sir, who is the Lord Warden?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The Duke."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"But the duke had nothing to do with taking this fish?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"It is his."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"We have been at great trouble, and peril, and some expense, and is
all that to go to the Duke's benefit; we getting nothing at all for our
pains but our blisters?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"It is his."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Is the Duke so very poor as to be forced to this desperate mode of
getting a livelihood?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"It is his."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I thought to relieve my old bed-ridden mother by part of my share of
this whale."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"It is his."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Won't the Duke be content with a quarter or a half?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"It is his."despite popular beliefs, harry's actually a real human being w real human being feelings and everyone needs to take that into consideration"because of its superior excellence."Western commentators react to the #Mubarak trial by saying "the Arab Spring is dead." Egyptians react like this http://t.co/v65Qm0kyGK"Queen-Gold,"The response to Shia LaBeouf saying he was raped is exactly why men don't come forward. This, too, is rape culture."Ye tail is ye Queen's,
that ye Queen's wardrobe may be supplied with ye whalebone."Miss Congeniality http://t.co/kIvG6PGZ6m"In vain it was to rake for Ambergriese in the paunch of this Leviathan,
insufferable fetor denying not inquiry."They should be asking about all of the actual testimony that McCulloch recounted as fact. There are a host of other topics. #Ferguson"I will bet something now,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"that somewhere hereabouts are
some of those drugged whales we tickled the other day. I thought they
would keel up before long."Happy thanksgiving to all. A great tradition of appreciation of friends &amp; family, smallpox blankets notwithstanding."There's a pretty fellow, now,"I laughed way harder than I should have http://t.co/mHN8c3vzDY"there's a jackal for ye! I well know that these Crappoes
of Frenchmen are but poor devils in the fishery; sometimes lowering
their boats for breakers, mistaking them for Sperm Whale spouts; yes,
and sometimes sailing from their port with their hold full of boxes of
tallow candles, and cases of snuffers, foreseeing that all the oil they
will get won't be enough to dip the Captain's wick into; aye, we all
know these things; but look ye, here's a Crappo that is content with our
leavings, the drugged whale there, I mean; aye, and is content too with
scraping the dry bones of that other precious fish he has there. Poor
devil! I say, pass round a hat, some one, and let's make him a present
of a little oil for dear charity's sake. For what oil he'll get from
that drugged whale there, wouldn't be fit to burn in a jail; no, not
in a condemned cell. And as for the other whale, why, I'll agree to get
more oil by chopping up and trying out these three masts of ours, than
he'll get from that bundle of bones; though, now that I think of it, it
may contain something worth a good deal more than oil; yes, ambergris.
I wonder now if our old man has thought of that. It's worth trying. Yes,
I'm for it;""PEOPLE WITH SYMMETRICAL FACES ARE HOTTER"

OBVS THAT DOESNT WORK IF THEYRE ALREADY BEAUTIFUL

#MTVStars OneDirection http://t.co/eYGZrgfqNf"Bouton de Rose,"Napthine couldn't remove the barnacles sufficiently to get the win tonight. http://t.co/tBEJpC4eZb"A wooden rose-bud, eh?"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"that will
do very well; but how like all creation it smells!"If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority."Bouton-de-Rose, ahoy! are there any of you Bouton-de-Roses that
speak English?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Yes,"Ch Ijaz won in 2002 on PMLQ ticket&gt;  joined PMLN &amp; lost in 2008 &gt; quit PMLN, won as independent in 2013 &gt;rejoined PMLN &gt; joins PTI"Well, then, my Bouton-de-Rose-bud, have you seen the White Whale?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"WHAT whale?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The WHITE Whale--a Sperm Whale--Moby Dick, have ye seen him?

"1 step forward, 2 steps back. No more whale breeding ban at Vancouver Aquarium. http://t.co/Z5dvSZmutX #EndCaptivity http://t.co/I569dVixkn"

"FULL-TIME Liverpool 1-0 Stoke. Glen Johnson's 85th-minute goal secures a vital home win for the Reds #LIVSTK http://t.co/UChFMvDb3C"

Then rapidly pulling back towards the Pequod, and seeing Ahab leaning
over the quarter-deck rail awaiting his report, he moulded his two hands
into a trumpet and shouted--"Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own" Upon which Ahab retired, and
Stubb returned to the Frenchman.

He now perceived that the Guernsey-man, who had just got into the
chains, and was using a cutting-spade, had slung his nose in a sort of
bag.

"mom: "is there ever a moment when you think... what am i even doing?"
me: "every. single. day."" said Stubb. "If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you she is the one. 👌"

"UPDATE: Ohio State QB J.T. Barrett has a broken right ankle. He will have surgery tomorrow and miss rest of season." answered
the Guernsey-man, who did not seem to relish the job he was at very
much. "Officers who shot 12-year-old holding toy gun denied him first aid for 4 minutes http://t.co/QCBnNikjRB http://t.co/jnvWl4huo0"

"Nothing kills you like your mind"

"It’s #BlackFriday….paint the devil on the wall. 
@Megadeth" roared the Guernseyman,
flying into a sudden passion.

"Did anyone get #GracesGuide for black friday? COOL JOB! (http://t.co/jAV4CJ6LzZ)"

"Let's test the power of Twitter! Friend of mine is looking for a manufacturer who makes white French rococo double beds.
Hope you can help x"

"There's no better time to be thankful for your health––but make sure you're prepared for anything: http://t.co/AqSgOUrPlR #GetCovered" rejoined Stubb,
and with that he soon mounted to the deck. There a queer scene presented
itself. The sailors, in tasselled caps of red worsted, were getting the
heavy tackles in readiness for the whales. But they worked rather slow
and talked very fast, and seemed in anything but a good humor. All their
noses upwardly projected from their faces like so many jib-booms.
Now and then pairs of them would drop their work, and run up to the
mast-head to get some fresh air. Some thinking they would catch the
plague, dipped oakum in coal-tar, and at intervals held it to their
nostrils. Others having broken the stems of their pipes almost short
off at the bowl, were vigorously puffing tobacco-smoke, so that it
constantly filled their olfactories.

Stubb was struck by a shower of outcries and anathemas proceeding from
the Captain's round-house abaft; and looking in that direction saw a
fiery face thrust from behind the door, which was held ajar from within.
This was the tormented surgeon, who, after in vain remonstrating
against the proceedings of the day, had betaken himself to the Captain's
round-house (CABINET he called it) to avoid the pest; but still, could
not help yelling out his entreaties and indignations at times.

Marking all this, Stubb argued well for his scheme, and turning to the
Guernsey-man had a little chat with him, during which the stranger mate
expressed his detestation of his Captain as a conceited ignoramus,
who had brought them all into so unsavory and unprofitable a pickle.
Sounding him carefully, Stubb further perceived that the Guernsey-man
had not the slightest suspicion concerning the ambergris. He therefore
held his peace on that head, but otherwise was quite frank and
confidential with him, so that the two quickly concocted a little plan
for both circumventing and satirizing the Captain, without his at all
dreaming of distrusting their sincerity. According to this little plan
of theirs, the Guernsey-man, under cover of an interpreter's office, was
to tell the Captain what he pleased, but as coming from Stubb; and as
for Stubb, he was to utter any nonsense that should come uppermost in
him during the interview.

By this time their destined victim appeared from his cabin. He was a
small and dark, but rather delicate looking man for a sea-captain, with
large whiskers and moustache, however; and wore a red cotton velvet vest
with watch-seals at his side. To this gentleman, Stubb was now politely
introduced by the Guernsey-man, who at once ostentatiously put on the
aspect of interpreting between them.

"Do you ever wish you had a second chance to meet someone again for the first time?" said he.

"Why We Love Sports Today: Devin Gardner shows great sportsmanship w/ injured Ohio St QB J.T. Barrett. (via @USAToday) http://t.co/4MsN29fT0j" said Stubb, eyeing the velvet vest and the watch and seals, "So the judge ruled that Ray Rice didn't lie in June. Here was Goodell's CBS interview on Sept. 10. Read carefully. http://t.co/gR3JDi7RIm"

"-Waiter, what's this soup doing in my fly?
*he sees the can of soup in my pants fly*
"You got me again, monsieur! 4th time is the funniest!"" said the Guernsey-man, in French, turning to his
captain, "Pope Francis prays alongside Turkey's Islamic leader in one of Istanbul's most famous mosques http://t.co/K8IataOcyy http://t.co/GxSUEztIeM"

Upon this the captain started, and eagerly desired to know more.

"Please guys? He is being serious right now 🙏🙏⚽️⚽️ http://t.co/wfPGoMIeu7" said the Guernsey-man to Stubb.

"So the judge ruled that Ray Rice didn't lie in June. Here was Goodell's CBS interview on Sept. 10. Read carefully. http://t.co/gR3JDi7RIm"

"-Waiter, what's this soup doing in my fly?
*he sees the can of soup in my pants fly*
"You got me again, monsieur! 4th time is the funniest!""

Instantly the captain ran forward, and in a loud voice commanded his
crew to desist from hoisting the cutting-tackles, and at once cast loose
the cables and chains confining the whales to the ship.

"Please guys? He is being serious right now 🙏🙏⚽️⚽️ http://t.co/wfPGoMIeu7" said the Guernsey-man, when the Captain had returned to
them.

"my little cousin has a book that him and his classmates had to make in school on how to make thanksgiving dinner and http://t.co/Om15f1yJuc"

"-Waiter, what's this soup doing in my fly?
*he sees the can of soup in my pants fly*
"You got me again, monsieur! 4th time is the funniest!""

Hearing this, the captain vowed that they were the grateful parties
(meaning himself and mate) and concluded by inviting Stubb down into his
cabin to drink a bottle of Bordeaux.

"my little cousin has a book that him and his classmates had to make in school on how to make thanksgiving dinner and http://t.co/Om15f1yJuc" said the interpreter.

"Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles, the right people will find their way into your life."

"Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles, the right people will find their way into your life."

By this time Stubb was over the side, and getting into his boat, hailed
the Guernsey-man to this effect,--that having a long tow-line in his
boat, he would do what he could to help them, by pulling out the lighter
whale of the two from the ship's side. While the Frenchman's boats,
then, were engaged in towing the ship one way, Stubb benevolently towed
away at his whale the other way, ostentatiously slacking out a most
unusually long tow-line.

Presently a breeze sprang up; Stubb feigned to cast off from the whale;
hoisting his boats, the Frenchman soon increased his distance, while the
Pequod slid in between him and Stubb's whale. Whereupon Stubb quickly
pulled to the floating body, and hailing the Pequod to give notice of
his intentions, at once proceeded to reap the fruit of his unrighteous
cunning. Seizing his sharp boat-spade, he commenced an excavation in the
body, a little behind the side fin. You would almost have thought he was
digging a cellar there in the sea; and when at length his spade struck
against the gaunt ribs, it was like turning up old Roman tiles and
pottery buried in fat English loam. His boat's crew were all in high
excitement, eagerly helping their chief, and looking as anxious as
gold-hunters.

And all the time numberless fowls were diving, and ducking, and
screaming, and yelling, and fighting around them. Stubb was beginning
to look disappointed, especially as the horrible nosegay increased, when
suddenly from out the very heart of this plague, there stole a faint
stream of perfume, which flowed through the tide of bad smells without
being absorbed by it, as one river will flow into and then along with
another, without at all blending with it for a time.

"Love it @Bhaenow ! Well done lad ! #xfactor" cried Stubb, with delight, striking something in
the subterranean regions, "Went to the Anthropologie website and a bird flew in my window, sang me a song about whimsical door handles and then took $300 from my purse"

Dropping his spade, he thrust both hands in, and drew out handfuls
of something that looked like ripe Windsor soap, or rich mottled old
cheese; very unctuous and savory withal. You might easily dent it with
your thumb; it is of a hue between yellow and ash colour. And this, good
friends, is ambergris, worth a gold guinea an ounce to any druggist.
Some six handfuls were obtained; but more was unavoidably lost in the
sea, and still more, perhaps, might have been secured were it not for
impatient Ahab's loud command to Stubb to desist, and come on board,
else the ship would bid them good bye.



CHAPTER 92. Ambergris.


Now this ambergris is a very curious substance, and so important as
an article of commerce, that in 1791 a certain Nantucket-born Captain
Coffin was examined at the bar of the English House of Commons on that
subject. For at that time, and indeed until a comparatively late day,
the precise origin of ambergris remained, like amber itself, a problem
to the learned. Though the word ambergris is but the French compound for
grey amber, yet the two substances are quite distinct. For amber, though
at times found on the sea-coast, is also dug up in some far inland
soils, whereas ambergris is never found except upon the sea. Besides,
amber is a hard, transparent, brittle, odorless substance, used for
mouth-pieces to pipes, for beads and ornaments; but ambergris is soft,
waxy, and so highly fragrant and spicy, that it is largely used in
perfumery, in pastiles, precious candles, hair-powders, and pomatum.
The Turks use it in cooking, and also carry it to Mecca, for the same
purpose that frankincense is carried to St. Peter's in Rome. Some wine
merchants drop a few grains into claret, to flavor it.

Who would think, then, that such fine ladies and gentlemen should regale
themselves with an essence found in the inglorious bowels of a sick
whale! Yet so it is. By some, ambergris is supposed to be the cause, and
by others the effect, of the dyspepsia in the whale. How to cure such
a dyspepsia it were hard to say, unless by administering three or four
boat loads of Brandreth's pills, and then running out of harm's way, as
laborers do in blasting rocks.

I have forgotten to say that there were found in this ambergris, certain
hard, round, bony plates, which at first Stubb thought might be sailors'
trowsers buttons; but it afterwards turned out that they were nothing
more than pieces of small squid bones embalmed in that manner.

Now that the incorruption of this most fragrant ambergris should be
found in the heart of such decay; is this nothing? Bethink thee of that
saying of St. Paul in Corinthians, about corruption and incorruption;
how that we are sown in dishonour, but raised in glory. And likewise
call to mind that saying of Paracelsus about what it is that maketh
the best musk. Also forget not the strange fact that of all things of
ill-savor, Cologne-water, in its rudimental manufacturing stages, is the
worst.

I should like to conclude the chapter with the above appeal, but cannot,
owing to my anxiety to repel a charge often made against whalemen,
and which, in the estimation of some already biased minds, might be
considered as indirectly substantiated by what has been said of
the Frenchman's two whales. Elsewhere in this volume the slanderous
aspersion has been disproved, that the vocation of whaling is throughout
a slatternly, untidy business. But there is another thing to rebut. They
hint that all whales always smell bad. Now how did this odious stigma
originate?

I opine, that it is plainly traceable to the first arrival of the
Greenland whaling ships in London, more than two centuries ago. Because
those whalemen did not then, and do not now, try out their oil at sea as
the Southern ships have always done; but cutting up the fresh blubber in
small bits, thrust it through the bung holes of large casks, and carry
it home in that manner; the shortness of the season in those Icy Seas,
and the sudden and violent storms to which they are exposed, forbidding
any other course. The consequence is, that upon breaking into the hold,
and unloading one of these whale cemeteries, in the Greenland dock, a
savor is given forth somewhat similar to that arising from excavating an
old city grave-yard, for the foundations of a Lying-in-Hospital.

I partly surmise also, that this wicked charge against whalers may be
likewise imputed to the existence on the coast of Greenland, in former
times, of a Dutch village called Schmerenburgh or Smeerenberg, which
latter name is the one used by the learned Fogo Von Slack, in his great
work on Smells, a text-book on that subject. As its name imports (smeer,
fat; berg, to put up), this village was founded in order to afford a
place for the blubber of the Dutch whale fleet to be tried out, without
being taken home to Holland for that purpose. It was a collection of
furnaces, fat-kettles, and oil sheds; and when the works were in full
operation certainly gave forth no very pleasant savor. But all this is
quite different with a South Sea Sperm Whaler; which in a voyage of four
years perhaps, after completely filling her hold with oil, does not,
perhaps, consume fifty days in the business of boiling out; and in the
state that it is casked, the oil is nearly scentless. The truth is, that
living or dead, if but decently treated, whales as a species are by
no means creatures of ill odor; nor can whalemen be recognised, as the
people of the middle ages affected to detect a Jew in the company, by
the nose. Nor indeed can the whale possibly be otherwise than fragrant,
when, as a general thing, he enjoys such high health; taking abundance
of exercise; always out of doors; though, it is true, seldom in the
open air. I say, that the motion of a Sperm Whale's flukes above water
dispenses a perfume, as when a musk-scented lady rustles her dress in a
warm parlor. What then shall I liken the Sperm Whale to for fragrance,
considering his magnitude? Must it not be to that famous elephant, with
jewelled tusks, and redolent with myrrh, which was led out of an Indian
town to do honour to Alexander the Great?



CHAPTER 93. The Castaway.


It was but some few days after encountering the Frenchman, that a most
significant event befell the most insignificant of the Pequod's crew; an
event most lamentable; and which ended in providing the sometimes
madly merry and predestinated craft with a living and ever accompanying
prophecy of whatever shattered sequel might prove her own.

Now, in the whale ship, it is not every one that goes in the boats. Some
few hands are reserved called ship-keepers, whose province it is to work
the vessel while the boats are pursuing the whale. As a general thing,
these ship-keepers are as hardy fellows as the men comprising the boats'
crews. But if there happen to be an unduly slender, clumsy, or timorous
wight in the ship, that wight is certain to be made a ship-keeper. It
was so in the Pequod with the little negro Pippin by nick-name, Pip by
abbreviation. Poor Pip! ye have heard of him before; ye must remember
his tambourine on that dramatic midnight, so gloomy-jolly.

In outer aspect, Pip and Dough-Boy made a match, like a black pony and a
white one, of equal developments, though of dissimilar colour, driven in
one eccentric span. But while hapless Dough-Boy was by nature dull and
torpid in his intellects, Pip, though over tender-hearted, was at bottom
very bright, with that pleasant, genial, jolly brightness peculiar to
his tribe; a tribe, which ever enjoy all holidays and festivities with
finer, freer relish than any other race. For blacks, the year's calendar
should show naught but three hundred and sixty-five Fourth of Julys and
New Year's Days. Nor smile so, while I write that this little black was
brilliant, for even blackness has its brilliancy; behold yon lustrous
ebony, panelled in king's cabinets. But Pip loved life, and all life's
peaceable securities; so that the panic-striking business in which he
had somehow unaccountably become entrapped, had most sadly blurred his
brightness; though, as ere long will be seen, what was thus temporarily
subdued in him, in the end was destined to be luridly illumined by
strange wild fires, that fictitiously showed him off to ten times the
natural lustre with which in his native Tolland County in Connecticut,
he had once enlivened many a fiddler's frolic on the green; and at
melodious even-tide, with his gay ha-ha! had turned the round horizon
into one star-belled tambourine. So, though in the clear air of day,
suspended against a blue-veined neck, the pure-watered diamond drop
will healthful glow; yet, when the cunning jeweller would show you
the diamond in its most impressive lustre, he lays it against a gloomy
ground, and then lights it up, not by the sun, but by some unnatural
gases. Then come out those fiery effulgences, infernally superb; then
the evil-blazing diamond, once the divinest symbol of the crystal skies,
looks like some crown-jewel stolen from the King of Hell. But let us to
the story.

It came to pass, that in the ambergris affair Stubb's after-oarsman
chanced so to sprain his hand, as for a time to become quite maimed;
and, temporarily, Pip was put into his place.

The first time Stubb lowered with him, Pip evinced much nervousness;
but happily, for that time, escaped close contact with the whale; and
therefore came off not altogether discreditably; though Stubb observing
him, took care, afterwards, to exhort him to cherish his courageousness
to the utmost, for he might often find it needful.

Now upon the second lowering, the boat paddled upon the whale; and as
the fish received the darted iron, it gave its customary rap, which
happened, in this instance, to be right under poor Pip's seat. The
involuntary consternation of the moment caused him to leap, paddle in
hand, out of the boat; and in such a way, that part of the slack whale
line coming against his chest, he breasted it overboard with him, so as
to become entangled in it, when at last plumping into the water. That
instant the stricken whale started on a fierce run, the line swiftly
straightened; and presto! poor Pip came all foaming up to the chocks
of the boat, remorselessly dragged there by the line, which had taken
several turns around his chest and neck.

Tashtego stood in the bows. He was full of the fire of the hunt. He
hated Pip for a poltroon. Snatching the boat-knife from its sheath,
he suspended its sharp edge over the line, and turning towards Stubb,
exclaimed interrogatively, "#mufc fans, looking for more #AskManUtd? We have it! Click here for a special Director’s Cut: http://t.co/cW20u59rup http://t.co/ecU6bdIOEA" Meantime Pip's blue, choked face
plainly looked, Do, for God's sake! All passed in a flash. In less than
half a minute, this entire thing happened.

"In ears cut out! Doh! Oh well... Let's go and smash Run! WE ARE READY! - Tom" roared Stubb; and so the whale was lost and Pip was
saved.

So soon as he recovered himself, the poor little negro was assailed
by yells and execrations from the crew. Tranquilly permitting these
irregular cursings to evaporate, Stubb then in a plain, business-like,
but still half humorous manner, cursed Pip officially; and that done,
unofficially gave him much wholesome advice. The substance was, Never
jump from a boat, Pip, except--but all the rest was indefinite, as the
soundest advice ever is. Now, in general, STICK TO THE BOAT, is your
true motto in whaling; but cases will sometimes happen when LEAP FROM
THE BOAT, is still better. Moreover, as if perceiving at last that if he
should give undiluted conscientious advice to Pip, he would be leaving
him too wide a margin to jump in for the future; Stubb suddenly dropped
all advice, and concluded with a peremptory command, "Alabama vs Auburn today in the Iron Bowl. This rivalry divides households so much in Alabama that many siblings have divorced because of it." Hereby perhaps Stubb indirectly hinted, that
though man loved his fellow, yet man is a money-making animal, which
propensity too often interferes with his benevolence.

But we are all in the hands of the Gods; and Pip jumped again. It was
under very similar circumstances to the first performance; but this time
he did not breast out the line; and hence, when the whale started to
run, Pip was left behind on the sea, like a hurried traveller's trunk.
Alas! Stubb was but too true to his word. It was a beautiful, bounteous,
blue day; the spangled sea calm and cool, and flatly stretching away,
all round, to the horizon, like gold-beater's skin hammered out to the
extremest. Bobbing up and down in that sea, Pip's ebon head showed
like a head of cloves. No boat-knife was lifted when he fell so rapidly
astern. Stubb's inexorable back was turned upon him; and the whale was
winged. In three minutes, a whole mile of shoreless ocean was between
Pip and Stubb. Out from the centre of the sea, poor Pip turned his
crisp, curling, black head to the sun, another lonely castaway, though
the loftiest and the brightest.

Now, in calm weather, to swim in the open ocean is as easy to the
practised swimmer as to ride in a spring-carriage ashore. But the awful
lonesomeness is intolerable. The intense concentration of self in the
middle of such a heartless immensity, my God! who can tell it? Mark, how
when sailors in a dead calm bathe in the open sea--mark how closely they
hug their ship and only coast along her sides.

But had Stubb really abandoned the poor little negro to his fate? No; he
did not mean to, at least. Because there were two boats in his wake,
and he supposed, no doubt, that they would of course come up to Pip very
quickly, and pick him up; though, indeed, such considerations towards
oarsmen jeopardized through their own timidity, is not always manifested
by the hunters in all similar instances; and such instances not
unfrequently occur; almost invariably in the fishery, a coward, so
called, is marked with the same ruthless detestation peculiar to
military navies and armies.

But it so happened, that those boats, without seeing Pip, suddenly
spying whales close to them on one side, turned, and gave chase; and
Stubb's boat was now so far away, and he and all his crew so intent
upon his fish, that Pip's ringed horizon began to expand around him
miserably. By the merest chance the ship itself at last rescued him; but
from that hour the little negro went about the deck an idiot; such, at
least, they said he was. The sea had jeeringly kept his finite body
up, but drowned the infinite of his soul. Not drowned entirely, though.
Rather carried down alive to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of
the unwarped primal world glided to and fro before his passive eyes;
and the miser-merman, Wisdom, revealed his hoarded heaps; and among the
joyous, heartless, ever-juvenile eternities, Pip saw the multitudinous,
God-omnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters
heaved the colossal orbs. He saw God's foot upon the treadle of the
loom, and spoke it; and therefore his shipmates called him mad. So man's
insanity is heaven's sense; and wandering from all mortal reason, man
comes at last to that celestial thought, which, to reason, is absurd and
frantic; and weal or woe, feels then uncompromised, indifferent as his
God.

For the rest, blame not Stubb too hardly. The thing is common in that
fishery; and in the sequel of the narrative, it will then be seen what
like abandonment befell myself.



CHAPTER 94. A Squeeze of the Hand.


That whale of Stubb's, so dearly purchased, was duly brought to
the Pequod's side, where all those cutting and hoisting operations
previously detailed, were regularly gone through, even to the baling of
the Heidelburgh Tun, or Case.

While some were occupied with this latter duty, others were employed
in dragging away the larger tubs, so soon as filled with the sperm; and
when the proper time arrived, this same sperm was carefully manipulated
ere going to the try-works, of which anon.

It had cooled and crystallized to such a degree, that when, with several
others, I sat down before a large Constantine's bath of it, I found
it strangely concreted into lumps, here and there rolling about in the
liquid part. It was our business to squeeze these lumps back into fluid.
A sweet and unctuous duty! No wonder that in old times this sperm was
such a favourite cosmetic. Such a clearer! such a sweetener! such a
softener! such a delicious molifier! After having my hands in it for
only a few minutes, my fingers felt like eels, and began, as it were, to
serpentine and spiralise.

As I sat there at my ease, cross-legged on the deck; after the bitter
exertion at the windlass; under a blue tranquil sky; the ship under
indolent sail, and gliding so serenely along; as I bathed my hands among
those soft, gentle globules of infiltrated tissues, woven almost within
the hour; as they richly broke to my fingers, and discharged all their
opulence, like fully ripe grapes their wine; as I snuffed up that
uncontaminated aroma,--literally and truly, like the smell of spring
violets; I declare to you, that for the time I lived as in a musky
meadow; I forgot all about our horrible oath; in that inexpressible
sperm, I washed my hands and my heart of it; I almost began to credit
the old Paracelsan superstition that sperm is of rare virtue in allaying
the heat of anger; while bathing in that bath, I felt divinely free from
all ill-will, or petulance, or malice, of any sort whatsoever.

Squeeze! squeeze! squeeze! all the morning long; I squeezed that sperm
till I myself almost melted into it; I squeezed that sperm till a
strange sort of insanity came over me; and I found myself unwittingly
squeezing my co-laborers' hands in it, mistaking their hands for the
gentle globules. Such an abounding, affectionate, friendly, loving
feeling did this avocation beget; that at last I was continually
squeezing their hands, and looking up into their eyes sentimentally; as
much as to say,--Oh! my dear fellow beings, why should we longer cherish
any social acerbities, or know the slightest ill-humor or envy! Come;
let us squeeze hands all round; nay, let us all squeeze ourselves into
each other; let us squeeze ourselves universally into the very milk and
sperm of kindness.

Would that I could keep squeezing that sperm for ever! For now, since by
many prolonged, repeated experiences, I have perceived that in all cases
man must eventually lower, or at least shift, his conceit of attainable
felicity; not placing it anywhere in the intellect or the fancy; but in
the wife, the heart, the bed, the table, the saddle, the fireside, the
country; now that I have perceived all this, I am ready to squeeze case
eternally. In thoughts of the visions of the night, I saw long rows of
angels in paradise, each with his hands in a jar of spermaceti.

Now, while discoursing of sperm, it behooves to speak of other things
akin to it, in the business of preparing the sperm whale for the
try-works.

First comes white-horse, so called, which is obtained from the tapering
part of the fish, and also from the thicker portions of his flukes. It
is tough with congealed tendons--a wad of muscle--but still contains
some oil. After being severed from the whale, the white-horse is first
cut into portable oblongs ere going to the mincer. They look much like
blocks of Berkshire marble.

Plum-pudding is the term bestowed upon certain fragmentary parts of the
whale's flesh, here and there adhering to the blanket of blubber, and
often participating to a considerable degree in its unctuousness. It is
a most refreshing, convivial, beautiful object to behold. As its name
imports, it is of an exceedingly rich, mottled tint, with a bestreaked
snowy and golden ground, dotted with spots of the deepest crimson and
purple. It is plums of rubies, in pictures of citron. Spite of reason,
it is hard to keep yourself from eating it. I confess, that once I stole
behind the foremast to try it. It tasted something as I should conceive
a royal cutlet from the thigh of Louis le Gros might have tasted,
supposing him to have been killed the first day after the venison
season, and that particular venison season contemporary with an
unusually fine vintage of the vineyards of Champagne.

There is another substance, and a very singular one, which turns up in
the course of this business, but which I feel it to be very puzzling
adequately to describe. It is called slobgollion; an appellation
original with the whalemen, and even so is the nature of the substance.
It is an ineffably oozy, stringy affair, most frequently found in the
tubs of sperm, after a prolonged squeezing, and subsequent decanting.
I hold it to be the wondrously thin, ruptured membranes of the case,
coalescing.

Gurry, so called, is a term properly belonging to right whalemen, but
sometimes incidentally used by the sperm fishermen. It designates the
dark, glutinous substance which is scraped off the back of the Greenland
or right whale, and much of which covers the decks of those inferior
souls who hunt that ignoble Leviathan.

Nippers. Strictly this word is not indigenous to the whale's vocabulary.
But as applied by whalemen, it becomes so. A whaleman's nipper is
a short firm strip of tendinous stuff cut from the tapering part of
Leviathan's tail: it averages an inch in thickness, and for the rest, is
about the size of the iron part of a hoe. Edgewise moved along the
oily deck, it operates like a leathern squilgee; and by nameless
blandishments, as of magic, allures along with it all impurities.

But to learn all about these recondite matters, your best way is at once
to descend into the blubber-room, and have a long talk with its inmates.
This place has previously been mentioned as the receptacle for the
blanket-pieces, when stript and hoisted from the whale. When the proper
time arrives for cutting up its contents, this apartment is a scene of
terror to all tyros, especially by night. On one side, lit by a dull
lantern, a space has been left clear for the workmen. They generally
go in pairs,--a pike-and-gaffman and a spade-man. The whaling-pike is
similar to a frigate's boarding-weapon of the same name. The gaff is
something like a boat-hook. With his gaff, the gaffman hooks on to a
sheet of blubber, and strives to hold it from slipping, as the ship
pitches and lurches about. Meanwhile, the spade-man stands on the sheet
itself, perpendicularly chopping it into the portable horse-pieces. This
spade is sharp as hone can make it; the spademan's feet are shoeless;
the thing he stands on will sometimes irresistibly slide away from
him, like a sledge. If he cuts off one of his own toes, or one of his
assistants', would you be very much astonished? Toes are scarce among
veteran blubber-room men.



CHAPTER 95. The Cassock.


Had you stepped on board the Pequod at a certain juncture of this
post-mortemizing of the whale; and had you strolled forward nigh the
windlass, pretty sure am I that you would have scanned with no small
curiosity a very strange, enigmatical object, which you would have seen
there, lying along lengthwise in the lee scuppers. Not the wondrous
cistern in the whale's huge head; not the prodigy of his unhinged lower
jaw; not the miracle of his symmetrical tail; none of these would so
surprise you, as half a glimpse of that unaccountable cone,--longer than
a Kentuckian is tall, nigh a foot in diameter at the base, and jet-black
as Yojo, the ebony idol of Queequeg. And an idol, indeed, it is; or,
rather, in old times, its likeness was. Such an idol as that found in
the secret groves of Queen Maachah in Judea; and for worshipping which,
King Asa, her son, did depose her, and destroyed the idol, and burnt it
for an abomination at the brook Kedron, as darkly set forth in the 15th
chapter of the First Book of Kings.

Look at the sailor, called the mincer, who now comes along, and assisted
by two allies, heavily backs the grandissimus, as the mariners call it,
and with bowed shoulders, staggers off with it as if he were a grenadier
carrying a dead comrade from the field. Extending it upon the forecastle
deck, he now proceeds cylindrically to remove its dark pelt, as an
African hunter the pelt of a boa. This done he turns the pelt inside
out, like a pantaloon leg; gives it a good stretching, so as almost to
double its diameter; and at last hangs it, well spread, in the rigging,
to dry. Ere long, it is taken down; when removing some three feet of it,
towards the pointed extremity, and then cutting two slits for arm-holes
at the other end, he lengthwise slips himself bodily into it. The mincer
now stands before you invested in the full canonicals of his calling.
Immemorial to all his order, this investiture alone will adequately
protect him, while employed in the peculiar functions of his office.

That office consists in mincing the horse-pieces of blubber for the
pots; an operation which is conducted at a curious wooden horse, planted
endwise against the bulwarks, and with a capacious tub beneath it, into
which the minced pieces drop, fast as the sheets from a rapt orator's
desk. Arrayed in decent black; occupying a conspicuous pulpit; intent
on bible leaves; what a candidate for an archbishopric, what a lad for a
Pope were this mincer!*


*Bible leaves! Bible leaves! This is the invariable cry from the mates
to the mincer. It enjoins him to be careful, and cut his work into as
thin slices as possible, inasmuch as by so doing the business of
boiling out the oil is much accelerated, and its quantity considerably
increased, besides perhaps improving it in quality.



CHAPTER 96. The Try-Works.


Besides her hoisted boats, an American whaler is outwardly distinguished
by her try-works. She presents the curious anomaly of the most solid
masonry joining with oak and hemp in constituting the completed ship.
It is as if from the open field a brick-kiln were transported to her
planks.

The try-works are planted between the foremast and mainmast, the most
roomy part of the deck. The timbers beneath are of a peculiar strength,
fitted to sustain the weight of an almost solid mass of brick and
mortar, some ten feet by eight square, and five in height. The
foundation does not penetrate the deck, but the masonry is firmly
secured to the surface by ponderous knees of iron bracing it on all
sides, and screwing it down to the timbers. On the flanks it is cased
with wood, and at top completely covered by a large, sloping, battened
hatchway. Removing this hatch we expose the great try-pots, two in
number, and each of several barrels' capacity. When not in use, they are
kept remarkably clean. Sometimes they are polished with soapstone
and sand, till they shine within like silver punch-bowls. During the
night-watches some cynical old sailors will crawl into them and coil
themselves away there for a nap. While employed in polishing them--one
man in each pot, side by side--many confidential communications
are carried on, over the iron lips. It is a place also for profound
mathematical meditation. It was in the left hand try-pot of the Pequod,
with the soapstone diligently circling round me, that I was first
indirectly struck by the remarkable fact, that in geometry all bodies
gliding along the cycloid, my soapstone for example, will descend from
any point in precisely the same time.

Removing the fire-board from the front of the try-works, the bare
masonry of that side is exposed, penetrated by the two iron mouths of
the furnaces, directly underneath the pots. These mouths are fitted
with heavy doors of iron. The intense heat of the fire is prevented
from communicating itself to the deck, by means of a shallow reservoir
extending under the entire inclosed surface of the works. By a tunnel
inserted at the rear, this reservoir is kept replenished with water as
fast as it evaporates. There are no external chimneys; they open direct
from the rear wall. And here let us go back for a moment.

It was about nine o'clock at night that the Pequod's try-works were
first started on this present voyage. It belonged to Stubb to oversee
the business.

"It's weird how we're all just born in a world where we're told how everything works and how to act within it. Very few question it." This was an easy thing, for the carpenter had been thrusting his
shavings into the furnace throughout the passage. Here be it said that
in a whaling voyage the first fire in the try-works has to be fed for a
time with wood. After that no wood is used, except as a means of quick
ignition to the staple fuel. In a word, after being tried out, the
crisp, shrivelled blubber, now called scraps or fritters, still contains
considerable of its unctuous properties. These fritters feed the flames.
Like a plethoric burning martyr, or a self-consuming misanthrope, once
ignited, the whale supplies his own fuel and burns by his own body.
Would that he consumed his own smoke! for his smoke is horrible to
inhale, and inhale it you must, and not only that, but you must live in
it for the time. It has an unspeakable, wild, Hindoo odor about it, such
as may lurk in the vicinity of funereal pyres. It smells like the left
wing of the day of judgment; it is an argument for the pit.

By midnight the works were in full operation. We were clear from the
carcase; sail had been made; the wind was freshening; the wild ocean
darkness was intense. But that darkness was licked up by the fierce
flames, which at intervals forked forth from the sooty flues, and
illuminated every lofty rope in the rigging, as with the famed Greek
fire. The burning ship drove on, as if remorselessly commissioned to
some vengeful deed. So the pitch and sulphur-freighted brigs of the
bold Hydriote, Canaris, issuing from their midnight harbors, with broad
sheets of flame for sails, bore down upon the Turkish frigates, and
folded them in conflagrations.

The hatch, removed from the top of the works, now afforded a wide hearth
in front of them. Standing on this were the Tartarean shapes of the
pagan harpooneers, always the whale-ship's stokers. With huge pronged
poles they pitched hissing masses of blubber into the scalding pots, or
stirred up the fires beneath, till the snaky flames darted, curling, out
of the doors to catch them by the feet. The smoke rolled away in sullen
heaps. To every pitch of the ship there was a pitch of the boiling oil,
which seemed all eagerness to leap into their faces. Opposite the mouth
of the works, on the further side of the wide wooden hearth, was the
windlass. This served for a sea-sofa. Here lounged the watch, when not
otherwise employed, looking into the red heat of the fire, till their
eyes felt scorched in their heads. Their tawny features, now all
begrimed with smoke and sweat, their matted beards, and the contrasting
barbaric brilliancy of their teeth, all these were strangely revealed in
the capricious emblazonings of the works. As they narrated to each other
their unholy adventures, their tales of terror told in words of mirth;
as their uncivilized laughter forked upwards out of them, like the
flames from the furnace; as to and fro, in their front, the harpooneers
wildly gesticulated with their huge pronged forks and dippers; as the
wind howled on, and the sea leaped, and the ship groaned and dived, and
yet steadfastly shot her red hell further and further into the blackness
of the sea and the night, and scornfully champed the white bone in
her mouth, and viciously spat round her on all sides; then the rushing
Pequod, freighted with savages, and laden with fire, and burning
a corpse, and plunging into that blackness of darkness, seemed the
material counterpart of her monomaniac commander's soul.

So seemed it to me, as I stood at her helm, and for long hours silently
guided the way of this fire-ship on the sea. Wrapped, for that interval,
in darkness myself, I but the better saw the redness, the madness, the
ghastliness of others. The continual sight of the fiend shapes before
me, capering half in smoke and half in fire, these at last begat kindred
visions in my soul, so soon as I began to yield to that unaccountable
drowsiness which ever would come over me at a midnight helm.

But that night, in particular, a strange (and ever since inexplicable)
thing occurred to me. Starting from a brief standing sleep, I was
horribly conscious of something fatally wrong. The jaw-bone tiller smote
my side, which leaned against it; in my ears was the low hum of sails,
just beginning to shake in the wind; I thought my eyes were open; I
was half conscious of putting my fingers to the lids and mechanically
stretching them still further apart. But, spite of all this, I could see
no compass before me to steer by; though it seemed but a minute since I
had been watching the card, by the steady binnacle lamp illuminating it.
Nothing seemed before me but a jet gloom, now and then made ghastly by
flashes of redness. Uppermost was the impression, that whatever swift,
rushing thing I stood on was not so much bound to any haven ahead as
rushing from all havens astern. A stark, bewildered feeling, as of
death, came over me. Convulsively my hands grasped the tiller, but with
the crazy conceit that the tiller was, somehow, in some enchanted way,
inverted. My God! what is the matter with me? thought I. Lo! in my brief
sleep I had turned myself about, and was fronting the ship's stern, with
my back to her prow and the compass. In an instant I faced back, just
in time to prevent the vessel from flying up into the wind, and very
probably capsizing her. How glad and how grateful the relief from this
unnatural hallucination of the night, and the fatal contingency of being
brought by the lee!

Look not too long in the face of the fire, O man! Never dream with thy
hand on the helm! Turn not thy back to the compass; accept the first
hint of the hitching tiller; believe not the artificial fire, when its
redness makes all things look ghastly. To-morrow, in the natural sun,
the skies will be bright; those who glared like devils in the forking
flames, the morn will show in far other, at least gentler, relief; the
glorious, golden, glad sun, the only true lamp--all others but liars!

Nevertheless the sun hides not Virginia's Dismal Swamp, nor Rome's
accursed Campagna, nor wide Sahara, nor all the millions of miles of
deserts and of griefs beneath the moon. The sun hides not the ocean,
which is the dark side of this earth, and which is two thirds of this
earth. So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow
in him, that mortal man cannot be true--not true, or undeveloped. With
books the same. The truest of all men was the Man of Sorrows, and the
truest of all books is Solomon's, and Ecclesiastes is the fine hammered
steel of woe. "11 Celebrity Social-Media Profiles to Give Thanks For | Vanity Fair http://t.co/saEaQVJCW2 via @VanityFair" ALL. This wilful world hath not got hold
of unchristian Solomon's wisdom yet. But he who dodges hospitals and
jails, and walks fast crossing graveyards, and would rather talk of
operas than hell; calls Cowper, Young, Pascal, Rousseau, poor devils all
of sick men; and throughout a care-free lifetime swears by Rabelais as
passing wise, and therefore jolly;--not that man is fitted to sit
down on tomb-stones, and break the green damp mould with unfathomably
wondrous Solomon.

But even Solomon, he says, "The peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts &amp; your minds in Christ Jesus. -Phil 4:7" (I.E., even while living) "The highest call for musicians in churches is to accompany the congregation in singing. http://t.co/Jgo6v5sSMs" Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it
invert thee, deaden thee; as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom
that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness. And there is a Catskill
eagle in some souls that can alike dive down into the blackest gorges,
and soar out of them again and become invisible in the sunny spaces.
And even if he for ever flies within the gorge, that gorge is in the
mountains; so that even in his lowest swoop the mountain eagle is still
higher than other birds upon the plain, even though they soar.



CHAPTER 97. The Lamp.


Had you descended from the Pequod's try-works to the Pequod's
forecastle, where the off duty watch were sleeping, for one single
moment you would have almost thought you were standing in some
illuminated shrine of canonized kings and counsellors. There they lay
in their triangular oaken vaults, each mariner a chiselled muteness; a
score of lamps flashing upon his hooded eyes.

In merchantmen, oil for the sailor is more scarce than the milk of
queens. To dress in the dark, and eat in the dark, and stumble in
darkness to his pallet, this is his usual lot. But the whaleman, as he
seeks the food of light, so he lives in light. He makes his berth an
Aladdin's lamp, and lays him down in it; so that in the pitchiest night
the ship's black hull still houses an illumination.

See with what entire freedom the whaleman takes his handful of
lamps--often but old bottles and vials, though--to the copper cooler at
the try-works, and replenishes them there, as mugs of ale at a vat. He
burns, too, the purest of oil, in its unmanufactured, and, therefore,
unvitiated state; a fluid unknown to solar, lunar, or astral
contrivances ashore. It is sweet as early grass butter in April. He
goes and hunts for his oil, so as to be sure of its freshness and
genuineness, even as the traveller on the prairie hunts up his own
supper of game.



CHAPTER 98. Stowing Down and Clearing Up.


Already has it been related how the great leviathan is afar off
descried from the mast-head; how he is chased over the watery moors, and
slaughtered in the valleys of the deep; how he is then towed alongside
and beheaded; and how (on the principle which entitled the headsman of
old to the garments in which the beheaded was killed) his great padded
surtout becomes the property of his executioner; how, in due time, he
is condemned to the pots, and, like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, his
spermaceti, oil, and bone pass unscathed through the fire;--but now it
remains to conclude the last chapter of this part of the description by
rehearsing--singing, if I may--the romantic proceeding of decanting off
his oil into the casks and striking them down into the hold, where
once again leviathan returns to his native profundities, sliding along
beneath the surface as before; but, alas! never more to rise and blow.

While still warm, the oil, like hot punch, is received into the
six-barrel casks; and while, perhaps, the ship is pitching and rolling
this way and that in the midnight sea, the enormous casks are slewed
round and headed over, end for end, and sometimes perilously scoot
across the slippery deck, like so many land slides, till at last
man-handled and stayed in their course; and all round the hoops, rap,
rap, go as many hammers as can play upon them, for now, EX OFFICIO,
every sailor is a cooper.

At length, when the last pint is casked, and all is cool, then the great
hatchways are unsealed, the bowels of the ship are thrown open, and down
go the casks to their final rest in the sea. This done, the hatches are
replaced, and hermetically closed, like a closet walled up.

In the sperm fishery, this is perhaps one of the most remarkable
incidents in all the business of whaling. One day the planks stream with
freshets of blood and oil; on the sacred quarter-deck enormous masses of
the whale's head are profanely piled; great rusty casks lie about, as
in a brewery yard; the smoke from the try-works has besooted all the
bulwarks; the mariners go about suffused with unctuousness; the entire
ship seems great leviathan himself; while on all hands the din is
deafening.

But a day or two after, you look about you, and prick your ears in this
self-same ship; and were it not for the tell-tale boats and try-works,
you would all but swear you trod some silent merchant vessel, with a
most scrupulously neat commander. The unmanufactured sperm oil possesses
a singularly cleansing virtue. This is the reason why the decks never
look so white as just after what they call an affair of oil. Besides,
from the ashes of the burned scraps of the whale, a potent lye is
readily made; and whenever any adhesiveness from the back of the whale
remains clinging to the side, that lye quickly exterminates it. Hands
go diligently along the bulwarks, and with buckets of water and rags
restore them to their full tidiness. The soot is brushed from the lower
rigging. All the numerous implements which have been in use are likewise
faithfully cleansed and put away. The great hatch is scrubbed and placed
upon the try-works, completely hiding the pots; every cask is out of
sight; all tackles are coiled in unseen nooks; and when by the combined
and simultaneous industry of almost the entire ship's company, the
whole of this conscientious duty is at last concluded, then the crew
themselves proceed to their own ablutions; shift themselves from top to
toe; and finally issue to the immaculate deck, fresh and all aglow, as
bridegrooms new-leaped from out the daintiest Holland.

Now, with elated step, they pace the planks in twos and threes, and
humorously discourse of parlors, sofas, carpets, and fine cambrics;
propose to mat the deck; think of having hanging to the top; object not
to taking tea by moonlight on the piazza of the forecastle. To hint to
such musked mariners of oil, and bone, and blubber, were little short
of audacity. They know not the thing you distantly allude to. Away, and
bring us napkins!

But mark: aloft there, at the three mast heads, stand three men intent
on spying out more whales, which, if caught, infallibly will again
soil the old oaken furniture, and drop at least one small grease-spot
somewhere. Yes; and many is the time, when, after the severest
uninterrupted labors, which know no night; continuing straight through
for ninety-six hours; when from the boat, where they have swelled their
wrists with all day rowing on the Line,--they only step to the deck to
carry vast chains, and heave the heavy windlass, and cut and slash, yea,
and in their very sweatings to be smoked and burned anew by the combined
fires of the equatorial sun and the equatorial try-works; when, on the
heel of all this, they have finally bestirred themselves to cleanse the
ship, and make a spotless dairy room of it; many is the time the poor
fellows, just buttoning the necks of their clean frocks, are startled by
the cry of "Sparty On! Michigan State blows out Penn State, 34-10. Spartans clinch 4th 10-win season in last 5 years. http://t.co/gbB4DAxpDb" and away they fly to fight another whale,
and go through the whole weary thing again. Oh! my friends, but this
is man-killing! Yet this is life. For hardly have we mortals by long
toilings extracted from this world's vast bulk its small but valuable
sperm; and then, with weary patience, cleansed ourselves from its
defilements, and learned to live here in clean tabernacles of the soul;
hardly is this done, when--THERE SHE BLOWS!--the ghost is spouted up,
and away we sail to fight some other world, and go through young life's
old routine again.

Oh! the metempsychosis! Oh! Pythagoras, that in bright Greece, two
thousand years ago, did die, so good, so wise, so mild; I sailed with
thee along the Peruvian coast last voyage--and, foolish as I am, taught
thee, a green simple boy, how to splice a rope!



CHAPTER 99. The Doubloon.


Ere now it has been related how Ahab was wont to pace his quarter-deck,
taking regular turns at either limit, the binnacle and mainmast; but
in the multiplicity of other things requiring narration it has not been
added how that sometimes in these walks, when most plunged in his mood,
he was wont to pause in turn at each spot, and stand there strangely
eyeing the particular object before him. When he halted before the
binnacle, with his glance fastened on the pointed needle in the compass,
that glance shot like a javelin with the pointed intensity of his
purpose; and when resuming his walk he again paused before the mainmast,
then, as the same riveted glance fastened upon the riveted gold coin
there, he still wore the same aspect of nailed firmness, only dashed
with a certain wild longing, if not hopefulness.

But one morning, turning to pass the doubloon, he seemed to be newly
attracted by the strange figures and inscriptions stamped on it, as
though now for the first time beginning to interpret for himself in
some monomaniac way whatever significance might lurk in them. And some
certain significance lurks in all things, else all things are little
worth, and the round world itself but an empty cipher, except to sell by
the cartload, as they do hills about Boston, to fill up some morass in
the Milky Way.

Now this doubloon was of purest, virgin gold, raked somewhere out of the
heart of gorgeous hills, whence, east and west, over golden sands, the
head-waters of many a Pactolus flows. And though now nailed amidst all
the rustiness of iron bolts and the verdigris of copper spikes, yet,
untouchable and immaculate to any foulness, it still preserved its Quito
glow. Nor, though placed amongst a ruthless crew and every hour passed
by ruthless hands, and through the livelong nights shrouded with thick
darkness which might cover any pilfering approach, nevertheless every
sunrise found the doubloon where the sunset left it last. For it was
set apart and sanctified to one awe-striking end; and however wanton
in their sailor ways, one and all, the mariners revered it as the white
whale's talisman. Sometimes they talked it over in the weary watch by
night, wondering whose it was to be at last, and whether he would ever
live to spend it.

Now those noble golden coins of South America are as medals of the sun
and tropic token-pieces. Here palms, alpacas, and volcanoes; sun's disks
and stars; ecliptics, horns-of-plenty, and rich banners waving, are in
luxuriant profusion stamped; so that the precious gold seems almost to
derive an added preciousness and enhancing glories, by passing through
those fancy mints, so Spanishly poetic.

It so chanced that the doubloon of the Pequod was a most wealthy example
of these things. On its round border it bore the letters, REPUBLICA DEL
ECUADOR: QUITO. So this bright coin came from a country planted in the
middle of the world, and beneath the great equator, and named after it;
and it had been cast midway up the Andes, in the unwaning clime that
knows no autumn. Zoned by those letters you saw the likeness of three
Andes' summits; from one a flame; a tower on another; on the third a
crowing cock; while arching over all was a segment of the partitioned
zodiac, the signs all marked with their usual cabalistics, and the
keystone sun entering the equinoctial point at Libra.

Before this equatorial coin, Ahab, not unobserved by others, was now
pausing.

"When Praises Goes Up, Blessings Come Down! Praise Him from the Mountain Tops! Praise Him in the Valleys! He Is Worthy!"

"I feel like I gained 10 pounds yesterday" murmured Starbuck
to himself, leaning against the bulwarks. "love + righteousness will prevail."

"#TDIBH: Nov. 28, 1929
Music mogul Berry Gordy Jr. was born in Detroit. http://t.co/jHXNETOuip http://t.co/ZvhFzGy7rF" soliloquized Stubb by the try-works, "As they watch Abbott silently from the backbenches, Lib MPs must be wondering what you do with a battering ram when it has done its job #qt"

""the boys have made 75 million dollars in just the past twelve months"

#MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/zZKhmWnxLz"

"Packers’ Aaron Rodgers Has a Voice That Leaves Defenders Muttering http://t.co/OtrKSPJjtG"

"David Bowie and Iggy Pop, Copenhagen Railway Station, 1976 http://t.co/VQUzaNdVSd"

"Just read an article about '10 Surprising Foods That Cause Weight Gain'. The list included chocolate, cheese, biscuits and crisps. Shocked."

"This pose look familiar?
An INCREDIBLE photo of Heisman front-runner Marcus Mariota tonight.
(via @daviesphoto) http://t.co/b9D5kmMX0g"

"Hospital says Brazilian soccer great Pele's condition is improving: http://t.co/dyYpNb5Y61"

"This pose look familiar?
An INCREDIBLE photo of Heisman front-runner Marcus Mariota tonight.
(via @daviesphoto) http://t.co/b9D5kmMX0g"

"Ireland ! you ready for On The Road Again 2015 ? Coming home for ya!!  Tickets on sale 6th Dec !"

"This pose look familiar?
An INCREDIBLE photo of Heisman front-runner Marcus Mariota tonight.
(via @daviesphoto) http://t.co/b9D5kmMX0g"

"I CAN BE
 
weird 
silly 
serious 
quiet 
outgoing
wild
sweet
funny
kind 
dramatic 
sarcastic 
creative 
romantic 

but really, I'm just me."

"I hate leaving my dad especially after what happened to him 😔"

"Packers’ Aaron Rodgers Has a Voice That Leaves Defenders Muttering http://t.co/OtrKSPJjtG"

"Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection &amp; the life. Anyone who believes in me will live, even though they die; -John 11:25"



CHAPTER 100. Leg and Arm.

The Pequod, of Nantucket, Meets the Samuel Enderby, of London.


"You could make $5000 from one pound of whale vomit! How? ---&gt; http://t.co/6Dq5Lrcdu3 http://t.co/OCR0QpzhdZ"

So cried Ahab, once more hailing a ship showing English colours, bearing
down under the stern. Trumpet to mouth, the old man was standing in his
hoisted quarter-boat, his ivory leg plainly revealed to the stranger
captain, who was carelessly reclining in his own boat's bow. He was
a darkly-tanned, burly, good-natured, fine-looking man, of sixty or
thereabouts, dressed in a spacious roundabout, that hung round him in
festoons of blue pilot-cloth; and one empty arm of this jacket streamed
behind him like the broidered arm of a hussar's surcoat.

"Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip"

"Using @Spotify? Make sure you're following this playlist ... http://t.co/IjAHMhuxjJ" and withdrawing it from the folds that had hidden it,
he held up a white arm of sperm whale bone, terminating in a wooden head
like a mallet.

"What do you do with a sick boat?

Take it to the dock." cried Ahab, impetuously, and tossing about the oars near
him--"Watch Lane Kiffin in the lower right signal it's a TD as soon as he sees Auburn's coverage/no jam on Amari ... https://t.co/h6AizHYmt2"

In less than a minute, without quitting his little craft, he and his
crew were dropped to the water, and were soon alongside of the stranger.
But here a curious difficulty presented itself. In the excitement of the
moment, Ahab had forgotten that since the loss of his leg he had never
once stepped on board of any vessel at sea but his own, and then it was
always by an ingenious and very handy mechanical contrivance peculiar to
the Pequod, and a thing not to be rigged and shipped in any other
vessel at a moment's warning. Now, it is no very easy matter
for anybody--except those who are almost hourly used to it, like
whalemen--to clamber up a ship's side from a boat on the open sea; for
the great swells now lift the boat high up towards the bulwarks, and
then instantaneously drop it half way down to the kelson. So, deprived
of one leg, and the strange ship of course being altogether unsupplied
with the kindly invention, Ahab now found himself abjectly reduced to a
clumsy landsman again; hopelessly eyeing the uncertain changeful height
he could hardly hope to attain.

It has before been hinted, perhaps, that every little untoward
circumstance that befell him, and which indirectly sprang from his
luckless mishap, almost invariably irritated or exasperated Ahab. And
in the present instance, all this was heightened by the sight of the
two officers of the strange ship, leaning over the side, by the
perpendicular ladder of nailed cleets there, and swinging towards him a
pair of tastefully-ornamented man-ropes; for at first they did not seem
to bethink them that a one-legged man must be too much of a cripple to
use their sea bannisters. But this awkwardness only lasted a minute,
because the strange captain, observing at a glance how affairs stood,
cried out, "Police fire tear gas at group carrying a woman heaving a heart attack, last night in #Ferguson https://t.co/dp2nBcq2si via @Timcast"

As good luck would have it, they had had a whale alongside a day or two
previous, and the great tackles were still aloft, and the massive curved
blubber-hook, now clean and dry, was still attached to the end. This
was quickly lowered to Ahab, who at once comprehending it all, slid his
solitary thigh into the curve of the hook (it was like sitting in the
fluke of an anchor, or the crotch of an apple tree), and then giving the
word, held himself fast, and at the same time also helped to hoist his
own weight, by pulling hand-over-hand upon one of the running parts of
the tackle. Soon he was carefully swung inside the high bulwarks, and
gently landed upon the capstan head. With his ivory arm frankly thrust
forth in welcome, the other captain advanced, and Ahab, putting out his
ivory leg, and crossing the ivory arm (like two sword-fish blades)
cried out in his walrus way, "Last time @StereoKicks performed #Run they’d only been together 24 hours. What an emotional moment ❤ #XFactorJukebox http://t.co/94JGIDrvzG"

"Yuki, the third albino to be taken by Whale Museum &amp; the only survivor of his/her family. #tweet4taiji http://t.co/rYXArEpuip" said the Englishman, pointing his ivory arm towards
the East, and taking a rueful sight along it, as if it had been a
telescope; "Now that Thanksgiving is over....THIS THE SEASON ❤️💚🎅🎄🎁⛄️ http://t.co/dg77nGaB4r"

"Please guys? He is being serious right now 🙏🙏⚽️⚽️ http://t.co/wfPGoMIeu7" asked Ahab, now sliding down from
the capstan, and resting on the Englishman's shoulder, as he did so.

"I need to get locked in a room and can't come out until I film at least 5 YouTube videos"

"FYI: it's okay to murder anyone who gives you homemade gifts that involve beads, yarn and a glue gun." said Ahab; "#BlackFriday tiring? Maybe it's snack time. Here's a black hole eating a star http://t.co/73N2tUCjrp #BlackHoleFriday http://t.co/tsRMRksfV1"

"Russ Westbrook was spectacular tonight, posting a near triple-double (32-8-7) as the @okcthunder cruised to a 105-78 win over the @nyknicks!"
began the Englishman. "The Milky Way over a beach in #Australia 
Credit: J. White https://t.co/QVsy3UG7EQ #MilkyWay #stars #coast http://t.co/jRI6pt31SS"

"BREAKING: Ray Rice has won his appeal. He is now reinstated to the NFL and eligible to sign with a team. (via ESPN &amp; multiple reports)" cried Ahab, suddenly letting out his suspended
breath.

"K-Love (22-6) bounded and astounded for the @Cavs, but the @Pacers are sticking around. Cleveland up 52-49 at half! http://t.co/JnWKV0QN94"

"Aye good call though ref good thing they stormed the field. #wegot3 #DDAYNATION took them three years to play us. Smh http://t.co/sdws4vsGov" cried Ahab, exultingly--"Ireland ! you ready for On The Road Again 2015 ? Coming home for ya!!  Tickets on sale 6th Dec !"

"Want to win a @ScufGaming controller? RT &amp; follow MLG for a chance to win!

#MLGAWOPEN - http://t.co/hZiVERQkzn http://t.co/NrMpyUZwAd" said the Englishman, good-humoredly. "A reporter probes his great-great-grandfather’s role in an American Indian tragedy http://t.co/5aBYuOmAaR http://t.co/xDZVZZgloc"Aye, I see!--wanted to part it; free the fast-fish--an old trick--I
know him."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"How it was exactly,"In Ferguson, a police commander who is well-liked by the protesters http://t.co/7PQQupRcmJ http://t.co/yngoa8JGyL"I do not know;
but in biting the line, it got foul of his teeth, caught there somehow;
but we didn't know it then; so that when we afterwards pulled on the
line, bounce we came plump on to his hump! instead of the other whale's;
that went off to windward, all fluking. Seeing how matters stood, and
what a noble great whale it was--the noblest and biggest I ever saw,
sir, in my life--I resolved to capture him, spite of the boiling rage
he seemed to be in. And thinking the hap-hazard line would get loose, or
the tooth it was tangled to might draw (for I have a devil of a boat's
crew for a pull on a whale-line); seeing all this, I say, I jumped
into my first mate's boat--Mr. Mounttop's here (by the way,
Captain--Mounttop; Mounttop--the captain);--as I was saying, I jumped
into Mounttop's boat, which, d'ye see, was gunwale and gunwale
with mine, then; and snatching the first harpoon, let this old
great-grandfather have it. But, Lord, look you, sir--hearts and souls
alive, man--the next instant, in a jiff, I was blind as a bat--both
eyes out--all befogged and bedeadened with black foam--the whale's tail
looming straight up out of it, perpendicular in the air, like a marble
steeple. No use sterning all, then; but as I was groping at midday, with
a blinding sun, all crown-jewels; as I was groping, I say, after the
second iron, to toss it overboard--down comes the tail like a Lima
tower, cutting my boat in two, leaving each half in splinters; and,
flukes first, the white hump backed through the wreck, as though it was
all chips. We all struck out. To escape his terrible flailings, I seized
hold of my harpoon-pole sticking in him, and for a moment clung to that
like a sucking fish. But a combing sea dashed me off, and at the same
instant, the fish, taking one good dart forwards, went down like a
flash; and the barb of that cursed second iron towing along near me
caught me here"She's got a little too comfy on my shoulder http://t.co/IVoFbU95Df"yes,
caught me just here, I say, and bore me down to Hell's flames, I was
thinking; when, when, all of a sudden, thank the good God, the barb ript
its way along the flesh--clear along the whole length of my arm--came
out nigh my wrist, and up I floated;--and that gentleman there will tell
you the rest (by the way, captain--Dr. Bunger, ship's surgeon: Bunger,
my lad,--the captain). Now, Bunger boy, spin your part of the yarn."#WhenIWasYourAge: We made phone calls in Phone Booths, which is also where Superman occasionally changed his clothes."It was a shocking bad wound,"Back on @TheXFactor tomorrow were it all began! http://t.co/teN5nn7rHg http://t.co/0kCntPDfeg"and, taking my
advice, Captain Boomer here, stood our old Sammy--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Samuel Enderby is the name of my ship,"The Montgomery bus boycott lasted 381 days. So excuse me if your parade is interrupted we're over here getting free."go on, boy."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Stood our old Sammy off to the northward, to get out of the blazing hot
weather there on the Line. But it was no use--I did all I could; sat up
with him nights; was very severe with him in the matter of diet--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh, very severe!"when youre at a concert does it suddenly hit you at random moments that the band are real people and not just pictures on the internet"Drinking hot rum toddies with me every night, till he
couldn't see to put on the bandages; and sending me to bed, half seas
over, about three o'clock in the morning. Oh, ye stars! he sat up with
me indeed, and was very severe in my diet. Oh! a great watcher, and very
dietetically severe, is Dr. Bunger. (Bunger, you dog, laugh out! why
don't ye? You know you're a precious jolly rascal.) But, heave ahead,
boy, I'd rather be killed by you than kept alive by any other man."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"My captain, you must have ere this perceived, respected sir"I’m ashamed embarrassed but also slightly impressed with how many wings I just ate"is apt to
be facetious at times; he spins us many clever things of that sort. But
I may as well say--en passant, as the French remark--that I myself--that
is to say, Jack Bunger, late of the reverend clergy--am a strict total
abstinence man; I never drink--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Water!"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"he never drinks it; it's a sort of fits to
him; fresh water throws him into the hydrophobia; but go on--go on with
the arm story."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Yes, I may as well,"Surgeon who died of Ebola at Neb. hospital remembered as heroic man who put himself in danger to help others: http://t.co/sTDy3c1UAd"I was about observing,
sir, before Captain Boomer's facetious interruption, that spite of my
best and severest endeavors, the wound kept getting worse and worse; the
truth was, sir, it was as ugly gaping wound as surgeon ever saw; more
than two feet and several inches long. I measured it with the lead line.
In short, it grew black; I knew what was threatened, and off it came.
But I had no hand in shipping that ivory arm there; that thing is
against all rule"my favorite thing about school was sitting with ur friend &amp; flipping through a random textbook pointing at ugly pictures &amp; saying “that’s u”"that is the
captain's work, not mine; he ordered the carpenter to make it; he had
that club-hammer there put to the end, to knock some one's brains
out with, I suppose, as he tried mine once. He flies into diabolical
passions sometimes. Do ye see this dent, sir"That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone won't stop talking to you"Well, the captain there will tell you how that
came here; he knows."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"No, I don't,"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"but his mother did; he was born with
it. Oh, you solemn rogue, you--you Bunger! was there ever such another
Bunger in the watery world? Bunger, when you die, you ought to die in
pickle, you dog; you should be preserved to future ages, you rascal."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"What became of the White Whale?""Not spew," said Hermione impatiently, "It's S-P-E-W. Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.""Oh!"I feel like everyone has an alter ego Rob Lowe that hits to close to home, mines the skinny armed one"oh, yes! Well; after he sounded,
we didn't see him again for some time; in fact, as I before hinted, I
didn't then know what whale it was that had served me such a trick, till
some time afterwards, when coming back to the Line, we heard about Moby
Dick--as some call him--and then I knew it was he."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Did'st thou cross his wake again?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Twice."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"But could not fasten?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Didn't want to try to: ain't one limb enough? What should I do without
this other arm? And I'm thinking Moby Dick doesn't bite so much as he
swallows."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Well, then,"The Montgomery bus boycott lasted 381 days. So excuse me if your parade is interrupted we're over here getting free."give him your left arm for bait to
get the right. Do you know, gentlemen"Mathematically, Ferguson decision is stunning. Out of 162,000 federal cases, grand juries declined to have an inditement in only 11 of them!"Do you know, gentlemen, that the
digestive organs of the whale are so inscrutably constructed by Divine
Providence, that it is quite impossible for him to completely digest
even a man's arm? And he knows it too. So that what you take for the
White Whale's malice is only his awkwardness. For he never means
to swallow a single limb; he only thinks to terrify by feints. But
sometimes he is like the old juggling fellow, formerly a patient of mine
in Ceylon, that making believe swallow jack-knives, once upon a time let
one drop into him in good earnest, and there it stayed for a twelvemonth
or more; when I gave him an emetic, and he heaved it up in small tacks,
d'ye see. No possible way for him to digest that jack-knife, and fully
incorporate it into his general bodily system. Yes, Captain Boomer, if
you are quick enough about it, and have a mind to pawn one arm for the
sake of the privilege of giving decent burial to the other, why in that
case the arm is yours; only let the whale have another chance at you
shortly, that's all."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"No, thank ye, Bunger,"Heart-breaking tribute by @MClarke23 to his friend &amp; teammate. Great captain, even greater man.  &gt; http://t.co/h1ZTXH6lAM #RIPPhilHughes"he's welcome to the
arm he has, since I can't help it, and didn't know him then; but not to
another one. No more White Whales for me; I've lowered for him once, and
that has satisfied me. There would be great glory in killing him, I know
that; and there is a ship-load of precious sperm in him, but, hark ye,
he's best let alone; don't you think so, Captain?"Glancing at the top records, James Harden is the only guy carrying his team without any All-Star help right now."He is. But he will still be hunted, for all that. What is best let
alone, that accursed thing is not always what least allures. He's all a
magnet! How long since thou saw'st him last? Which way heading?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Bless my soul, and curse the foul fiend's,"U snuff my moms, I'm snuffing U, I will check my mother, you will not"this man's
blood--bring the thermometer!--it's at the boiling point!--his pulse
makes these planks beat!--sir!"Sorry for the lack of vines/videos we are just taking this week for family time, once we get back this weekend we will pick back up ☺️"Avast!"Jameis Winston has 2 interceptions in the first 4 minutes against rival Florida.

No. 3 Seminoles trail Gators early, 3-0. Game on ESPN."Man the boat!
Which way heading?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Good God!"Question: What is the Logic behind a white person telling a black person to "GO BACK TO AFRICA" when ur people r the reason we're even here?"What's the matter? He was heading east, I think.--Is your Captain
crazy?"Ipswich Town captain Luke Chambers dropping F Bombs in a post-match interview live on Sky after win at Charlton. https://t.co/L8UMPsNUzN"Syren"Get well soon, J.T. Until then, we'll ride with our 38-year-old, indestructible manbeast. http://t.co/gVmhoWR4wr"Dan Coopman,"This week Jackie Woodson and Ferguson Library reinforced that sharing stories IS resistance.  Love and strength to those doing that work."Fitz Swackhammer."Who Else did this when they got in Trouble as a Little kid😂😭😭😭 http://t.co/K2mXgOBzWQ"Dan Coopman"when girls say "I like nerds" they mean nerds like this http://t.co/PslhiT9FE4"The Cooper,"I AM SO EXCITED TO GO TO THE UK NEXT WEEK. AND WATCH ELF IN THE NEXT HOUR. BUT MOSTLY UK NEXT WEEK."The Merchant."I'm sorry if i've ever told you the same story twice its just that i dont have an interesting life and cool things rarely happen to me"Smeer,"Russell Westbrook is 1st player in the shot-clock era with 32pts &amp; 8asts in 24 or fewer minutes (via @EliasSports) http://t.co/9V11IafKjI"Fat,"'I have to thank the viewers for their choice. It has a message carrying in it - perfectly'. Cheryl aims for English. And misses #xfactor"How now!"I just hid under a bed and waited for tom to come in then I stuck my hand out and shouted and he pooed himself 😂😂😂 #TomsAWoman - Barclay"Dar'st thou measure
this our god! That's for us."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, priests--well, how long do ye make
him, then?"From #Ferguson to #Boston and echoed in Atlanta, Baltimore, Cleveland, Detroit, etc as protests shut down streets. http://t.co/4cgQst6Ubw"the only perfect specimen of a Greenland or
River Whale in the United States."A 5,500 yr old Neolithic axe found during archaeological surveys ahead of tunnel project. http://t.co/WS6APbIXKS http://t.co/Vf7sM72CuJ"Not far from the Sea-side, they have a Temple, the Rafters and Beams
of which are made of Whale-Bones; for Whales of a monstrous size are
oftentimes cast up dead upon that shore. The Common People imagine, that
by a secret Power bestowed by God upon the temple, no Whale can pass it
without immediate death. But the truth of the Matter is, that on either
side of the Temple, there are Rocks that shoot two Miles into the Sea,
and wound the Whales when they light upon 'em. They keep a Whale's Rib
of an incredible length for a Miracle, which lying upon the Ground with
its convex part uppermost, makes an Arch, the Head of which cannot be
reached by a Man upon a Camel's Back. This Rib (says John Leo) is said
to have layn there a hundred Years before I saw it. Their Historians
affirm, that a Prophet who prophesy'd of Mahomet, came from this Temple,
and some do not stand to assert, that the Prophet Jonas was cast forth
by the Whale at the Base of the Temple."Anyone celebrating sainting of Indic individuals infected by pretonmada are public health hazards:Did you ever celebrate contracting HIV1/2?"Who's there?"You Never Know Which Footstep Will Bring A Good Twist In Life. 
So Keep On Walking!
Happiness Comes When It Is Most Unexpected..!"On deck! Begone!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Captain Ahab mistakes; it is I. The oil in the hold is leaking, sir. We
must up Burtons and break out."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Up Burtons and break out? Now that we are nearing Japan; heave-to here
for a week to tinker a parcel of old hoops?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Either do that, sir, or waste in one day more oil than we may make good
in a year. What we come twenty thousand miles to get is worth saving,
sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"So it is, so it is; if we get it."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I was speaking of the oil in the hold, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"And I was not speaking or thinking of that at all. Begone! Let it leak!
I'm all aleak myself. Aye! leaks in leaks! not only full of leaky casks,
but those leaky casks are in a leaky ship; and that's a far worse plight
than the Pequod's, man. Yet I don't stop to plug my leak; for who can
find it in the deep-loaded hull; or how hope to plug it, even if
found, in this life's howling gale? Starbuck! I'll not have the Burtons
hoisted."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"What will the owners say, sir?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Let the owners stand on Nantucket beach and outyell the Typhoons. What
cares Ahab? Owners, owners? Thou art always prating to me, Starbuck,
about those miserly owners, as if the owners were my conscience. But
look ye, the only real owner of anything is its commander; and hark ye,
my conscience is in this ship's keel.--On deck!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Captain Ahab,"Manifestation is simply understanding the laws of the quantum universe and how matter behaves."A better man than I might well pass over in thee what he would quickly
enough resent in a younger man; aye, and in a happier, Captain Ahab."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Devils! Dost thou then so much as dare to critically think of me?--On
deck!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Nay, sir, not yet; I do entreat. And I do dare, sir--to be forbearing!
Shall we not understand each other better than hitherto, Captain Ahab?"I love this organization plus the glass over furniture to protect it 💕 http://t.co/4Y6JBQy84K"There is one God that is Lord over the earth, and one
Captain that is lord over the Pequod.--On deck!"Sam Burgess is focused on mastering playing at centre after making his @bathrugby debut http://t.co/4LtCreUnFG http://t.co/1lrMhH57Zz"Thou hast
outraged, not insulted me, sir; but for that I ask thee not to beware of
Starbuck; thou wouldst but laugh; but let Ahab beware of Ahab; beware of
thyself, old man."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"He waxes brave, but nevertheless obeys; most careful bravery that!"#Mexico: Drop charges &amp; urgently release 11 held for protest over disappeared students http://t.co/CrjyTvJxdV http://t.co/D9LO7GEBPe"What's that he said--Ahab
beware of Ahab--there's something there!"Sometimes this sense of isolation, like acid spilling out of a bottle, can unconsciously eat away at a person’s heart and dissolve it."Thou art but too good a fellow, Starbuck,"Tiger raising a litter of piglets! 🐯🐷 http://t.co/Vtu3L4wlrh"Furl the t'gallant-sails, and
close-reef the top-sails, fore and aft; back the main-yard; up Burton,
and break out in the main-hold."The lingering effects of testosterone abuse –it seems muscles have long memories #LifetimeBans http://t.co/Qj9r9Q1nJw"Ah! poor fellow! he'll have to die now,"Utah, when you think of the preseason consternation, &amp; how tough Pac-12 was this year, 8-4 &amp; nationally ranked is pretty darn good."Rarmai"The tambourine track in the song #cantyousee is very important."Poor rover! will ye never have done with all this weary roving? where
go ye now? But if the currents carry ye to those sweet Antilles where
the beaches are only beat with water-lilies, will ye do one little
errand for me? Seek out one Pip, who's now been missing long: I think
he's in those far Antilles. If ye find him, then comfort him; for he
must be very sad; for look! he's left his tambourine behind;--I found
it. Rig-a-dig, dig, dig! Now, Queequeg, die; and I'll beat ye your dying
march."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I have heard,"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"that in
violent fevers, men, all ignorance, have talked in ancient tongues;
and that when the mystery is probed, it turns out always that in their
wholly forgotten childhood those ancient tongues had been really spoken
in their hearing by some lofty scholars. So, to my fond faith, poor Pip,
in this strange sweetness of his lunacy, brings heavenly vouchers of all
our heavenly homes. Where learned he that, but there?--Hark! he speaks
again: but more wildly now."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Form two and two! Let's make a General of him! Ho, where's his harpoon?
Lay it across here.--Rig-a-dig, dig, dig! huzza! Oh for a game cock
now to sit upon his head and crow! Queequeg dies game!--mind ye that;
Queequeg dies game!--take ye good heed of that; Queequeg dies game! I
say; game, game, game! but base little Pip, he died a coward; died all
a'shiver;--out upon Pip! Hark ye; if ye find Pip, tell all the Antilles
he's a runaway; a coward, a coward, a coward! Tell them he jumped from
a whale-boat! I'd never beat my tambourine over base Pip, and hail
him General, if he were once more dying here. No, no! shame upon all
cowards--shame upon them! Let 'em go drown like Pip, that jumped from a
whale-boat. Shame! shame!"The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him.  Schopenhauer"Oh, devilish
tantalization of the gods!"« Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress. » Thomas Edison   http://t.co/oqvaLPbvhG"Stern all! the White Whale spouts thick blood!"BABYs, send cheerful message to them~
they're probably looking at everything now &amp; they need to know we're here for them!:)
#ForeverWithBAP"Come hither,
broken-hearted; here is another life without the guilt of intermediate
death; here are wonders supernatural, without dying for them. Come
hither! bury thyself in a life which, to your now equally abhorred and
abhorring, landed world, is more oblivious than death. Come hither! put
up THY gravestone, too, within the churchyard, and come hither, till we
marry thee!"There was confusion in Harare, Zimbabwe in late November 2014 when several people claimed they saw a snake withdrawing money from an ATM."Are these thy Mother Carey's chickens, Perth? they are always flying
in thy wake; birds of good omen, too, but not to all;--look here, they
burn; but thou--thou liv'st among them without a scorch."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Because I am scorched all over, Captain Ahab,"Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." -John 14:6"I am past scorching; not easily can'st thou
scorch a scar."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Well, well; no more. Thy shrunk voice sounds too calmly, sanely woeful
to me. In no Paradise myself, I am impatient of all misery in others
that is not mad. Thou should'st go mad, blacksmith; say, why dost thou
not go mad? How can'st thou endure without being mad? Do the heavens yet
hate thee, that thou can'st not go mad?--What wert thou making there?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Welding an old pike-head, sir; there were seams and dents in it."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"And can'st thou make it all smooth again, blacksmith, after such hard
usage as it had?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I think so, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"And I suppose thou can'st smoothe almost any seams and dents; never
mind how hard the metal, blacksmith?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, sir, I think I can; all seams and dents but one."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Look ye here, then,"Articulate speakers angry at ‘greedy #Westminster rule’ over #Scotland, passionately calling for greater autonomy. http://t.co/OoJMIsqfzq"look ye here--HERE--can ye
smoothe out a seam like this, blacksmith,"Ladies, stop looking for a guy to sweep you off your feet.

Sweeping is your job."if thou could'st, blacksmith, glad enough would I lay
my head upon thy anvil, and feel thy heaviest hammer between my eyes.
Answer! Can'st thou smoothe this seam?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh! that is the one, sir! Said I not all seams and dents but one?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, blacksmith, it is the one; aye, man, it is unsmoothable; for
though thou only see'st it here in my flesh, it has worked down into the
bone of my skull--THAT is all wrinkles! But, away with child's play; no
more gaffs and pikes to-day. Look ye here!"The bells are ring jing jingling! http://t.co/AnbCaT0uRI"I, too, want a harpoon made; one that
a thousand yoke of fiends could not part, Perth; something that will
stick in a whale like his own fin-bone. There's the stuff,"It's bizarre that girls call other girls hoes that post nudes but are all over guys twitters that are flinging their dick out."Look ye, blacksmith, these are the gathered
nail-stubbs of the steel shoes of racing horses."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Horse-shoe stubbs, sir? Why, Captain Ahab, thou hast here, then, the
best and stubbornest stuff we blacksmiths ever work."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I know it, old man; these stubbs will weld together like glue from the
melted bones of murderers. Quick! forge me the harpoon. And forge me
first, twelve rods for its shank; then wind, and twist, and hammer these
twelve together like the yarns and strands of a tow-line. Quick! I'll
blow the fire."Ticket prices spiralling out of control @spiritofshankly @SpionKop1906 - protest http://t.co/ZGQWVCFVwb"A
flaw!"Gordon, the Scottish people agree that Scottish politics needs reset but they are doing so by rejecting Labour and empowering themselves"Work that over again, Perth."Europe’s next privacy war is with websites silently tracking users - http://t.co/nqrBQWehkl"What's that bunch of lucifers dodging about there for?"INTERESTING FACT: The term 'Never forget' was first muttered by parents leaving Disney."That Parsee smells fire like a fusee;
and smells of it himself, like a hot musket's powder-pan."Darren Wilson has resigned from the Ferguson PD. Just had 113 days of paid vacation, has received $500,000 bounty. Married, baby on way."Would'st thou brand me, Perth?"STAR WARS!!!!! Language and emojis fail to express what's in my heart at this moment."have I been but forging my own branding-iron, then?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Pray God, not that; yet I fear something, Captain Ahab. Is not this
harpoon for the White Whale?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"For the white fiend! But now for the barbs; thou must make them
thyself, man. Here are my razors--the best of steel; here, and make the
barbs sharp as the needle-sleet of the Icy Sea."In honor of Small Business Saturday, having barrels made at the local cooper while the blacksmith polishes my armor."Take them, man, I have no need for them; for I now neither shave, sup,
nor pray till--but here--to work!"In honor of Small Business Saturday, having barrels made at the local cooper while the blacksmith polishes my armor."No, no--no water for that; I want it of the true death-temper. Ahoy,
there! Tashtego, Queequeg, Daggoo! What say ye, pagans! Will ye give me
as much blood as will cover this barb?"Louay Hussein's essay a must read. He punctures myth that Assad regime has built lasting state institutions https://t.co/THP75rF06t"Ego non baptizo te in nomine patris, sed in nomine diaboli!"I MAY be deliriously tired. Haha. #itgotweird https://t.co/A0QBhcZgWj"Good! and
now for the seizings."Inseparable siblings. #AmericanHorrorStory http://t.co/qVg8r3mx6C"Loveliness unfathomable, as ever lover saw in his young bride's
eye!--Tell me not of thy teeth-tiered sharks, and thy kidnapping
cannibal ways. Let faith oust fact; let fancy oust memory; I look deep
down and do believe."imagine how radical being a pet fish is like youre just swimming around and suddenly it starts raining food"I am Stubb, and Stubb has his history; but here Stubb takes oaths that
he has always been jolly!"The sound of cash being dispensed at an ATM is fake - produced by a speaker to give you the satisfaction of knowing your money is coming."Come aboard, come aboard!"If Lane Kiffin was The Bachelor, I think it's clear Jesse Palmer would select him."Hast seen the White Whale?"After waiting 4 years for a shot, #Texans QB Ryan Mallett gritted his teeth &amp; played in horrible chest pain. May pay the price with his year"No; only heard of him; but don't believe in him at all,"Life's too short y'all. Let's all be nice to each other !!"Come aboard!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Thou art too damned jolly. Sail on. Hast lost any men?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Not enough to speak of--two islanders, that's all;--but come aboard,
old hearty, come along. I'll soon take that black from your brow. Come
along, will ye (merry's the play); a full ship and homeward-bound."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"How wondrous familiar is a fool!"INTERESTING FACT: The term 'Never forget' was first muttered by parents leaving Disney."Thou art
a full ship and homeward bound, thou sayst; well, then, call me an empty
ship, and outward-bound. So go thy ways, and I will mine. Forward there!
Set all sail, and keep her to the wind!"Guys, here is everything that expires on Netflix Dec. 1 http://t.co/IwAEK3XnG6"He turns and turns him to it,--how slowly, but how steadfastly, his
homage-rendering and invoking brow, with his last dying motions. He too
worships fire; most faithful, broad, baronial vassal of the sun!--Oh
that these too-favouring eyes should see these too-favouring sights.
Look! here, far water-locked; beyond all hum of human weal or woe;
in these most candid and impartial seas; where to traditions no rocks
furnish tablets; where for long Chinese ages, the billows have still
rolled on speechless and unspoken to, as stars that shine upon the
Niger's unknown source; here, too, life dies sunwards full of faith; but
see! no sooner dead, than death whirls round the corpse, and it heads
some other way.

"somewhere between Jesus dying on the cross and a giant bunny hiding eggs there seems to be a gap of information"Oh, trebly hooped and welded hip of power! Oh, high aspiring, rainbowed
jet!--that one strivest, this one jettest all in vain! In vain, oh
whale, dost thou seek intercedings with yon all-quickening sun, that
only calls forth life, but gives it not again. Yet dost thou, darker
half, rock me with a prouder, if a darker faith. All thy unnamable
imminglings float beneath me here; I am buoyed by breaths of once living
things, exhaled as air, but water now.

"one Old man in Kolkata told me that 
CPM fathered Saradha cheat fund,mothered by TMC MPs
&amp; Rs 20000 cr price paid by Poor West Bengal public"



CHAPTER 117. The Whale Watch.


The four whales slain that evening had died wide apart; one, far to
windward; one, less distant, to leeward; one ahead; one astern. These
last three were brought alongside ere nightfall; but the windward one
could not be reached till morning; and the boat that had killed it lay
by its side all night; and that boat was Ahab's.

The waif-pole was thrust upright into the dead whale's spout-hole; and
the lantern hanging from its top, cast a troubled flickering glare
upon the black, glossy back, and far out upon the midnight waves, which
gently chafed the whale's broad flank, like soft surf upon a beach.

Ahab and all his boat's crew seemed asleep but the Parsee; who crouching
in the bow, sat watching the sharks, that spectrally played round the
whale, and tapped the light cedar planks with their tails. A sound
like the moaning in squadrons over Asphaltites of unforgiven ghosts of
Gomorrah, ran shuddering through the air.

Started from his slumbers, Ahab, face to face, saw the Parsee; and
hooped round by the gloom of the night they seemed the last men in a
flooded world. "Ireland ! you ready for On The Road Again 2015 ? Coming home for ya!!  Tickets on sale 6th Dec !" said he.

"trampoline chillen with the ugly (even tho neither of us are pictured in this photo) 🌙⚡️🌌 http://t.co/94gSVaaGAK http://t.co/7pSFlaxUPr"

"we live on a blue planet that circles around a ball of fire next to a moon that moves the sea, and you don’t believe in miracles?"

""@BuzzFeed: We Asked Australians To Label The United States And We’re So Sorry
http://t.co/OKU3dItRtA http://t.co/DSKl6ZA9BQ""

"Xenophobia = Ignorance. We're all humans on a small, floating rock through this galaxy, together. http://t.co/i3vjzGONGA"

"Santa Claus is a mythical father figure who rewards those who believe in him. Only children should believe in someone that obviously fake."

"3-D printing is already being used to manufacture human tissue; could a whole organ be next? Jerome Groopman reports: http://t.co/HYOdcGSK0l"

"Drone pilot wanted: Starting salary $100,000. http://t.co/zLifiL0J8i via @CNNMoney http://t.co/lDCryjlFXS"

"'You really love him/her, don't you?' It's a psychological question, no name was mentioned but still, someone came into your mind!"

"To thy name we'll sing the praise, 
From hearts that love so true, 
And pledge to thee our loyalty 
The ages through. http://t.co/dxwunGE1nq" said the Parsee, as his eyes lighted up
like fire-flies in the gloom--"To thy name we'll sing the praise, 
From hearts that love so true, 
And pledge to thee our loyalty 
The ages through. http://t.co/dxwunGE1nq"

"Final decision. LDLC vs Fnatic last map Overpass will be replayed due to texture transparency and immortal bug used by both teams." cried
Ahab, with a laugh of derision;--"Final decision. LDLC vs Fnatic last map Overpass will be replayed due to texture transparency and immortal bug used by both teams."

Both were silent again, as one man. The grey dawn came on, and the
slumbering crew arose from the boat's bottom, and ere noon the dead
whale was brought to the ship.



CHAPTER 118. The Quadrant.


The season for the Line at length drew near; and every day when Ahab,
coming from his cabin, cast his eyes aloft, the vigilant helmsman would
ostentatiously handle his spokes, and the eager mariners quickly run to
the braces, and would stand there with all their eyes centrally fixed
on the nailed doubloon; impatient for the order to point the ship's
prow for the equator. In good time the order came. It was hard upon high
noon; and Ahab, seated in the bows of his high-hoisted boat, was
about taking his wonted daily observation of the sun to determine his
latitude.

Now, in that Japanese sea, the days in summer are as freshets of
effulgences. That unblinkingly vivid Japanese sun seems the blazing
focus of the glassy ocean's immeasurable burning-glass. The sky looks
lacquered; clouds there are none; the horizon floats; and this nakedness
of unrelieved radiance is as the insufferable splendors of God's throne.
Well that Ahab's quadrant was furnished with coloured glasses, through
which to take sight of that solar fire. So, swinging his seated form
to the roll of the ship, and with his astrological-looking instrument
placed to his eye, he remained in that posture for some moments to
catch the precise instant when the sun should gain its precise meridian.
Meantime while his whole attention was absorbed, the Parsee was kneeling
beneath him on the ship's deck, and with face thrown up like Ahab's,
was eyeing the same sun with him; only the lids of his eyes half hooded
their orbs, and his wild face was subdued to an earthly passionlessness.
At length the desired observation was taken; and with his pencil upon
his ivory leg, Ahab soon calculated what his latitude must be at that
precise instant. Then falling into a moment's revery, he again looked up
towards the sun and murmured to himself: "The beauty lies not in neutralizing the negativity but beholding it..."

Then gazing at his quadrant, and handling, one after the other, its
numerous cabalistical contrivances, he pondered again, and muttered:
"Athletic director Dave Hart congratulating QB @josh_dobbs1 after the #Vols victory over the  Commodores. http://t.co/Gu4w0zQ5UF"
dashing it to the deck, "GCSE: transparent pencil case with 5 pens, 3 pencils, eraser, sharpener, ruler, protractor, compass 

A levels: a pen and a water bottle"
lighting from the boat to the deck, "Black Friday. Because only in Merica, do folks trample each other for cheap junk the day after givin' thanks for what they already have."

As the frantic old man thus spoke and thus trampled with his live
and dead feet, a sneering triumph that seemed meant for Ahab, and a
fatalistic despair that seemed meant for himself--these passed over
the mute, motionless Parsee's face. Unobserved he rose and glided away;
while, awestruck by the aspect of their commander, the seamen clustered
together on the forecastle, till Ahab, troubledly pacing the deck,
shouted out--"This is how braces work http://t.co/v3ehlkWJZk"

In an instant the yards swung round; and as the ship half-wheeled upon
her heel, her three firm-seated graceful masts erectly poised upon
her long, ribbed hull, seemed as the three Horatii pirouetting on one
sufficient steed.

Standing between the knight-heads, Starbuck watched the Pequod's
tumultuous way, and Ahab's also, as he went lurching along the deck.

"Woman shot at downtown Nordstrom was 'tormented' by shooter, family says http://t.co/Y3M79fB7o3 http://t.co/0xhRsj1r8o"

""Aye what kind of phone you got?" That TracPhone 5 http://t.co/xyzLO6lYPI”" cried Stubb, "Keep in mind we have two Gears tournaments upcoming! @Hypefestation Ashes to Ashes on 12.6 and @Madderz_Gaming Stay Frosty is 12.13!"



CHAPTER 119. The Candles.


Warmest climes but nurse the cruellest fangs: the tiger of Bengal
crouches in spiced groves of ceaseless verdure. Skies the most effulgent
but basket the deadliest thunders: gorgeous Cuba knows tornadoes
that never swept tame northern lands. So, too, it is, that in these
resplendent Japanese seas the mariner encounters the direst of all
storms, the Typhoon. It will sometimes burst from out that cloudless
sky, like an exploding bomb upon a dazed and sleepy town.

Towards evening of that day, the Pequod was torn of her canvas, and
bare-poled was left to fight a Typhoon which had struck her directly
ahead. When darkness came on, sky and sea roared and split with the
thunder, and blazed with the lightning, that showed the disabled masts
fluttering here and there with the rags which the first fury of the
tempest had left for its after sport.

Holding by a shroud, Starbuck was standing on the quarter-deck; at every
flash of the lightning glancing aloft, to see what additional disaster
might have befallen the intricate hamper there; while Stubb and Flask
were directing the men in the higher hoisting and firmer lashing of the
boats. But all their pains seemed naught. Though lifted to the very
top of the cranes, the windward quarter boat (Ahab's) did not escape.
A great rolling sea, dashing high up against the reeling ship's high
teetering side, stove in the boat's bottom at the stern, and left it
again, all dripping through like a sieve.

"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y" said Stubb, regarding the wreck,
"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"--(SINGS.)

  Oh! jolly is the gale,
  And a joker is the whale,
  A' flourishin' his tail,--
  Such a funny, sporty, gamy, jesty, joky, hoky-poky lad, is the Ocean, oh!

  The scud all a flyin',
  That's his flip only foamin';
  When he stirs in the spicin',--
  Such a funny, sporty, gamy, jesty, joky, hoky-poky lad, is the Ocean, oh!

  Thunder splits the ships,
  But he only smacks his lips,
  A tastin' of this flip,--
  Such a funny, sporty, gamy, jesty, joky, hoky-poky lad, is the Ocean, oh!


"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU" cried Starbuck, "Videos being shown at press conference now to expose massive rigging done in May 2013 elections. #IKpressCon"

""We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." http://t.co/zR3MMxgwXU"

"RT @rock1051: NEW CONTEST: Win a copy of @OzzyOsbourne's new compilation album #MemoirsOfAMadman! http://t.co/LZwXnVYQih #OzzyOsbourne #Ozzy"

"Survey says that kids wish to study German, not Sanskrit. Foolish kids. Don't they know that listening to what kids want is not our culture?"

"Just think, this time next week you can curl up with #1DWWAConcertFilm - in the meantime here's another clip! http://t.co/wcvfp8h4ia" cried Starbuck, seizing Stubb by the shoulder, and pointing his
hand towards the weather bow, "if you don't quite literally stand in their place and see the world from their point of view, don't 'judge' them."I don't half understand ye: what's in the wind?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Yes, yes, round the Cape of Good Hope is the shortest way to
Nantucket,"Question: What is the Logic behind a white person telling a black person to "GO BACK TO AFRICA" when ur people r the reason we're even here?"The gale that now hammers at us to stave us, we can turn it
into a fair wind that will drive us towards home. Yonder, to windward,
all is blackness of doom; but to leeward, homeward--I see it lightens up
there; but not with the lightning."Still following a bunch of people! Just like &amp; revine this- https://t.co/B439MyIONz ! Comment your twitters when you're done so I'll know!"Who's there?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Old Thunder!"Quite a considerable number of British people have been trafficked within the UK borders and overseas, @the_mcquade, @Anti_Slavery #r4today"The rods! the rods!"Elizabeth Lauten aka @DCGopGirl should be terminated/admonished for her #cyberbullying of the first children, Sasha &amp; Malia Obama."Are they overboard? drop them over, fore and
aft. Quick!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Avast!""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"let's have fair play here, though we be the weaker
side. Yet I'll contribute to raise rods on the Himmalehs and Andes, that
all the world may be secured; but out on privileges! Let them be, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Look aloft!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"The corpusants! the corpusants!"Duke Williams open in the end zone ... and Nick Marshall's pass falls through his arms. Auburn settles for a 33-yard FG. Auburn 36, Bama 27."Blast the boat! let it go!"Get your rest tonight, Auburn fans. For tomorrow, we dine on elephant, realize it's been living in Tuscaloosa, and spit it out violently."Blast it!"So Ray Rice is now immediately reinstated and can sign with any team any time."The corpusants have mercy on us
all!"#WhenIWasYourAge: Looking up somebody's number in the Phone Book was only one of a dozen household uses for it."Mene, Mene,
Tekel Upharsin"Check out my illustrated constellation chart screenprint! IT'S BIG! IT GLOWS IN THE DARK! https://t.co/jrp4Trc9bW http://t.co/huJev7GjCJ"What thinkest thou now, man; I heard thy cry; it was not the
same in the song."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"No, no, it wasn't; I said the corpusants have mercy on us all; and I
hope they will, still. But do they only have mercy on long faces?--have
they no bowels for a laugh? And look ye, Mr. Starbuck--but it's too dark
to look. Hear me, then: I take that mast-head flame we saw for a sign
of good luck; for those masts are rooted in a hold that is going to be
chock a' block with sperm-oil, d'ye see; and so, all that sperm will
work up into the masts, like sap in a tree. Yes, our three masts will
yet be as three spermaceti candles--that's the good promise we saw."Every legend has a beginning. Introducing Leo #Messi’s #mirosar10 boots. Available December 1st. http://t.co/s90oRt1s0x"See! see!"E.g. 1) empathetic public resolves, 2) redoubled effort to hire and train minority officers, 3) increased R&amp;D in how to disarm w/o killing."The corpusants have mercy on us all,"Roman Bronze statue of a runner, Herculaneum #Herculaneum #Pompeii http://t.co/0nrVS6dTIp"Aye, aye, men!""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"Look up at it; mark it well; the white
flame but lights the way to the White Whale! Hand me those mainmast
links there; I would fain feel this pulse, and let mine beat against it;
blood against fire! So."i hope you feel $ome type of way when you hear it. when i'm high i love turning it up loud &amp; driving over the $peed limit to it"Oh! thou clear spirit of clear fire, whom on these seas I as Persian
once did worship, till in the sacramental act so burned by thee, that to
this hour I bear the scar; I now know thee, thou clear spirit, and I now
know that thy right worship is defiance. To neither love nor reverence
wilt thou be kind; and e'en for hate thou canst but kill; and all
are killed. No fearless fool now fronts thee. I own thy speechless,
placeless power; but to the last gasp of my earthquake life will
dispute its unconditional, unintegral mastery in me. In the midst of the
personified impersonal, a personality stands here. Though but a point at
best; whencesoe'er I came; wheresoe'er I go; yet while I earthly live,
the queenly personality lives in me, and feels her royal rights. But war
is pain, and hate is woe. Come in thy lowest form of love, and I will
kneel and kiss thee; but at thy highest, come as mere supernal power;
and though thou launchest navies of full-freighted worlds, there's that
in here that still remains indifferent. Oh, thou clear spirit, of thy
fire thou madest me, and like a true child of fire, I breathe it back to
thee."THIS JUST IN: Red Lightning warming up on the sidelines after Jameis Winston throws second INT. http://t.co/ySQ4OYuiWw"I own thy speechless, placeless power; said I not so? Nor was it wrung
from me; nor do I now drop these links. Thou canst blind; but I can then
grope. Thou canst consume; but I can then be ashes. Take the homage of
these poor eyes, and shutter-hands. I would not take it. The lightning
flashes through my skull; mine eye-balls ache and ache; my whole beaten
brain seems as beheaded, and rolling on some stunning ground. Oh, oh!
Yet blindfold, yet will I talk to thee. Light though thou be, thou
leapest out of darkness; but I am darkness leaping out of light, leaping
out of thee! The javelins cease; open eyes; see, or not? There burn the
flames! Oh, thou magnanimous! now I do glory in my genealogy. But thou
art but my fiery father; my sweet mother, I know not. Oh, cruel! what
hast thou done with her? There lies my puzzle; but thine is greater.
Thou knowest not how came ye, hence callest thyself unbegotten;
certainly knowest not thy beginning, hence callest thyself unbegun. I
know that of me, which thou knowest not of thyself, oh, thou omnipotent.
There is some unsuffusing thing beyond thee, thou clear spirit, to whom
all thy eternity is but time, all thy creativeness mechanical. Through
thee, thy flaming self, my scorched eyes do dimly see it. Oh, thou
foundling fire, thou hermit immemorial, thou too hast thy incommunicable
riddle, thy unparticipated grief. Here again with haughty agony, I read
my sire. Leap! leap up, and lick the sky! I leap with thee; I burn with
thee; would fain be welded with thee; defyingly I worship thee!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The boat! the boat!"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"look at thy boat, old man!"“Despite a conspicuous lack of success, central bankers persist with the same policies.” – Satyajit Das
http://t.co/8u2l4XfVAk"God, God
is against thee, old man; forbear! 'tis an ill voyage! ill begun, ill
continued; let me square the yards, while we may, old man, and make a
fair wind of it homewards, to go on a better voyage than this."THIS JUST IN: Red Lightning warming up on the sidelines after Jameis Winston throws second INT. http://t.co/ySQ4OYuiWw"All your oaths to hunt the White Whale are as binding as mine; and
heart, soul, and body, lungs and life, old Ahab is bound. And that ye
may know to what tune this heart beats; look ye here; thus I blow out
the last fear!"An officer in riot gear just told @Nettaaaaaaaa to "shut the hell up. This is my neighborhood now." That was wild. #Ferguson"We must send down the main-top-sail yard, sir. The band is working loose
and the lee lift is half-stranded. Shall I strike it, sir?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Strike nothing; lash it. If I had sky-sail poles, I'd sway them up
now."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Sir!--in God's name!--sir?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Well."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The anchors are working, sir. Shall I get them inboard?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Strike nothing, and stir nothing, but lash everything. The wind rises,
but it has not got up to my table-lands yet. Quick, and see to it.--By
masts and keels! he takes me for the hunch-backed skipper of some
coasting smack. Send down my main-top-sail yard! Ho, gluepots! Loftiest
trucks were made for wildest winds, and this brain-truck of mine now
sails amid the cloud-scud. Shall I strike that? Oh, none but cowards
send down their brain-trucks in tempest time. What a hooroosh aloft
there! I would e'en take it for sublime, did I not know that the colic
is a noisy malady. Oh, take medicine, take medicine!"~If we're not meant to have a midnight snack, why is there a light in the fridge?~😜"No, Stubb; you may pound that knot there as much as you please, but you
will never pound into me what you were just now saying. And how long
ago is it since you said the very contrary? Didn't you once say that
whatever ship Ahab sails in, that ship should pay something extra on its
insurance policy, just as though it were loaded with powder barrels aft
and boxes of lucifers forward? Stop, now; didn't you say so?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Well, suppose I did? What then? I've part changed my flesh since that
time, why not my mind? Besides, supposing we ARE loaded with powder
barrels aft and lucifers forward; how the devil could the lucifers get
afire in this drenching spray here? Why, my little man, you have
pretty red hair, but you couldn't get afire now. Shake yourself; you're
Aquarius, or the water-bearer, Flask; might fill pitchers at your coat
collar. Don't you see, then, that for these extra risks the Marine
Insurance companies have extra guarantees? Here are hydrants, Flask. But
hark, again, and I'll answer ye the other thing. First take your leg off
from the crown of the anchor here, though, so I can pass the rope;
now listen. What's the mighty difference between holding a mast's
lightning-rod in the storm, and standing close by a mast that hasn't
got any lightning-rod at all in a storm? Don't you see, you timber-head,
that no harm can come to the holder of the rod, unless the mast is first
struck? What are you talking about, then? Not one ship in a hundred
carries rods, and Ahab,--aye, man, and all of us,--were in no more
danger then, in my poor opinion, than all the crews in ten thousand
ships now sailing the seas. Why, you King-Post, you, I suppose you would
have every man in the world go about with a small lightning-rod running
up the corner of his hat, like a militia officer's skewered feather,
and trailing behind like his sash. Why don't ye be sensible, Flask? it's
easy to be sensible; why don't ye, then? any man with half an eye can be
sensible."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I don't know that, Stubb. You sometimes find it rather hard."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Yes, when a fellow's soaked through, it's hard to be sensible, that's
a fact. And I am about drenched with this spray. Never mind; catch the
turn there, and pass it. Seems to me we are lashing down these anchors
now as if they were never going to be used again. Tying these two
anchors here, Flask, seems like tying a man's hands behind him. And what
big generous hands they are, to be sure. These are your iron fists,
hey? What a hold they have, too! I wonder, Flask, whether the world is
anchored anywhere; if she is, she swings with an uncommon long cable,
though. There, hammer that knot down, and we've done. So; next to
touching land, lighting on deck is the most satisfactory. I say, just
wring out my jacket skirts, will ye? Thank ye. They laugh at long-togs
so, Flask; but seems to me, a Long tailed coat ought always to be worn
in all storms afloat. The tails tapering down that way, serve to carry
off the water, d'ye see. Same with cocked hats; the cocks form gable-end
eave-troughs, Flask. No more monkey-jackets and tarpaulins for me; I
must mount a swallow-tail, and drive down a beaver; so. Halloa! whew!
there goes my tarpaulin overboard; Lord, Lord, that the winds that come
from heaven should be so unmannerly! This is a nasty night, lad."THIS JUST IN: Red Lightning warming up on the sidelines after Jameis Winston throws second INT. http://t.co/ySQ4OYuiWw"Um, um, um. Stop that thunder! Plenty too much thunder up here. What's
the use of thunder? Um, um, um. We don't want thunder; we want rum; give
us a glass of rum. Um, um, um!"The US is on a collision course with an 'absolutely indispensable' ally. http://t.co/YVhNa8sMkT http://t.co/0fBagO6dvU"HO! THE
FAIR WIND! OH-YE-HO, CHEERLY MEN!"it feels weird to burp bc I don't know how. So when it happens it startles me..Like right. Now. I just burped involuntarily😮💭"He would have shot me once,"Quivered she 
in trepidation
when murmured he
'we will never part~~~
forever'
for forever 
had always eluded her
even in her moments"yes, there's the very musket
that he pointed at me;--that one with the studded stock; let me touch
it--lift it. Strange, that I, who have handled so many deadly lances,
strange, that I should shake so now. Loaded? I must see. Aye, aye; and
powder in the pan;--that's not good. Best spill it?--wait. I'll cure
myself of this. I'll hold the musket boldly while I think.--I come
to report a fair wind to him. But how fair? Fair for death and
doom,--THAT'S fair for Moby Dick. It's a fair wind that's only fair for
that accursed fish.--The very tube he pointed at me!--the very one;
THIS one--I hold it here; he would have killed me with the very thing I
handle now.--Aye and he would fain kill all his crew. Does he not say
he will not strike his spars to any gale? Has he not dashed his heavenly
quadrant? and in these same perilous seas, gropes he not his way by mere
dead reckoning of the error-abounding log? and in this very Typhoon, did
he not swear that he would have no lightning-rods? But shall this crazed
old man be tamely suffered to drag a whole ship's company down to doom
with him?--Yes, it would make him the wilful murderer of thirty men and
more, if this ship come to any deadly harm; and come to deadly harm, my
soul swears this ship will, if Ahab have his way. If, then, he were this
instant--put aside, that crime would not be his. Ha! is he muttering in
his sleep? Yes, just there,--in there, he's sleeping. Sleeping? aye,
but still alive, and soon awake again. I can't withstand thee, then, old
man. Not reasoning; not remonstrance; not entreaty wilt thou hearken to;
all this thou scornest. Flat obedience to thy own flat commands, this is
all thou breathest. Aye, and say'st the men have vow'd thy vow; say'st
all of us are Ahabs. Great God forbid!--But is there no other way? no
lawful way?--Make him a prisoner to be taken home? What! hope to wrest
this old man's living power from his own living hands? Only a fool
would try it. Say he were pinioned even; knotted all over with ropes
and hawsers; chained down to ring-bolts on this cabin floor; he would
be more hideous than a caged tiger, then. I could not endure the
sight; could not possibly fly his howlings; all comfort, sleep itself,
inestimable reason would leave me on the long intolerable voyage. What,
then, remains? The land is hundreds of leagues away, and locked Japan
the nearest. I stand alone here upon an open sea, with two oceans and
a whole continent between me and law.--Aye, aye, 'tis so.--Is heaven
a murderer when its lightning strikes a would-be murderer in his bed,
tindering sheets and skin together?--And would I be a murderer, then,
if"People don't realize how deeply embedded Muslims are in US, both government &amp; business, stealthily trying to take over from the inside.."On this level, Ahab's hammock swings within; his head this way. A
touch, and Starbuck may survive to hug his wife and child again.--Oh
Mary! Mary!--boy! boy! boy!--But if I wake thee not to death, old man,
who can tell to what unsounded deeps Starbuck's body this day week
may sink, with all the crew! Great God, where art Thou? Shall I? shall
I?--The wind has gone down and shifted, sir; the fore and main topsails
are reefed and set; she heads her course."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Stern all! Oh Moby Dick, I clutch thy heart at last!"If there isn't two or more white girls in Starbucks at all times they have to burn the building down...

Starbuck's policy ☕️"He's too sound asleep, Mr. Stubb; go thou down, and wake him, and tell
him. I must see to the deck here. Thou know'st what to say."maintaining yr sexiness in winter conditions is difficult. there are women out here risking their health to look good as hell. inspiring"Ha, ha, my ship! thou mightest well be taken now for the sea-chariot of
the sun. Ho, ho! all ye nations before my prow, I bring the sun to ye!
Yoke on the further billows; hallo! a tandem, I drive the sea!"#wonstavid. lol!! siwon is demanding that hyuk apologise to bugsy for calling him ugly. RT @siwon407: 🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒... http://t.co/uhWW2AzVFA"East-sou-east, sir,"What a shame! Govt is so frightened that it is running a paid TVC campaign on all news channels. #GoNawazGo"Thou liest!"What a win that is. Comeback of the season in the bag already, Nigel Bond from 5-0 down defeats Barry Hawkins 6-5! Clenched fist celebration"Heading East at this
hour in the morning, and the sun astern?"I have too much to live for, yet unaccountably I am sick and sad."I have it! It has happened
before. Mr. Starbuck, last night's thunder turned our compasses--that's
all. Thou hast before now heard of such a thing, I take it."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye; but never before has it happened to me, sir,"Even Macaulay Culkin is unimpressed by Brendan Rodger's #LFC signings! https://t.co/UD8ZaPxlid"Thou poor, proud heaven-gazer and sun's pilot! yesterday I wrecked
thee, and to-day the compasses would fain have wrecked me. So, so. But
Ahab is lord over the level loadstone yet. Mr. Starbuck--a lance without
a pole; a top-maul, and the smallest of the sail-maker's needles.
Quick!"I'm a superstitious kind of girl in that I believe most people are idiots."Men,"#PFUJ demanded Info Minister &amp; PEMRA 2 take action on suice incident of RoyalTV's Imran after he was refused his 4 months salary by employer"my men, the thunder turned old Ahab's
needles; but out of this bit of steel Ahab can make one of his own, that
will point as true as any."🙈RT @curtisgwinn: This couple in front of me just ordered $50 of prime rib &amp; proudly exclaimed "it's for our dogs!" http://t.co/UbrmP1K17r"Look
ye, for yourselves, if Ahab be not lord of the level loadstone! The sun
is East, and that compass swears it!"To mark the occasion, our gallery shows the No.8's progression from young talent to #LFC icon: http://t.co/EHzNW2NS7D http://t.co/YC2jzw1Q8v"Forward, there! Heave the log!"The grizzly bear &amp; the pine beetle are 1 piece of evidence that a 6th #MassExtinction may be looming.
https://t.co/rolSwSiq7W"Take
the reel, one of ye, I'll heave."Someone at #FSU thinks they have defensive ends who can handle pass coverage. They don't."Sir, I mistrust it; this line looks far gone, long heat and wet have
spoiled it."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"'Twill hold, old gentleman. Long heat and wet, have they spoiled thee?
Thou seem'st to hold. Or, truer perhaps, life holds thee; not thou it."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I hold the spool, sir. But just as my captain says. With these
grey hairs of mine 'tis not worth while disputing, 'specially with a
superior, who'll ne'er confess."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"What's that? There now's a patched professor in Queen Nature's
granite-founded College; but methinks he's too subservient. Where wert
thou born?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"In the little rocky Isle of Man, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Excellent! Thou'st hit the world by that."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I know not, sir, but I was born there."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"In the Isle of Man, hey? Well, the other way, it's good. Here's a man
from Man; a man born in once independent Man, and now unmanned of Man;
which is sucked in--by what? Up with the reel! The dead, blind wall
butts all inquiring heads at last. Up with it! So."My niece got her hair straightened for her birthday for the first time....I made her do a the… http://t.co/nGO9Gm8cuQ"Hold hard!"Getting strong reaction to this: Mostly positive! TFF: Time for Abbott to move on from tugging our forelock to Brits http://t.co/U6S2B78JQT"I crush the quadrant, the thunder turns the needles, and now the mad
sea parts the log-line. But Ahab can mend all. Haul in here, Tahitian;
reel up, Manxman. And look ye, let the carpenter make another log, and
mend thou the line. See to it."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"There he goes now; to him nothing's happened; but to me, the skewer
seems loosening out of the middle of the world. Haul in, haul in,
Tahitian! These lines run whole, and whirling out: come in broken, and
dragging slow. Ha, Pip? come to help; eh, Pip?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Pip? whom call ye Pip? Pip jumped from the whale-boat. Pip's missing.
Let's see now if ye haven't fished him up here, fisherman. It drags
hard; I guess he's holding on. Jerk him, Tahiti! Jerk him off; we haul
in no cowards here. Ho! there's his arm just breaking water. A hatchet!
a hatchet! cut it off--we haul in no cowards here. Captain Ahab! sir,
sir! here's Pip, trying to get on board again."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Peace, thou crazy loon,"French govt. announce Navy have scuttled 77 ships at Toulon, incl. 3 major battleships, to avoid Germans seizing them http://t.co/F9KRa3doEU"Away from the quarter-deck!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The greater idiot ever scolds the lesser,"Congrats to the 8 teams advancing to the #OHSAA state championships with a win tonight. Ohio Stadium awaits you! http://t.co/iVgO4hiGqw"Hands off from that holiness! Where sayest thou Pip was, boy?

"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu"

"#Reflection is out in less than 2 months!! Beyond excited for u to hear what we've been working so hard on! Pre-order http://t.co/bY4q4esvUn"

"A high GPA looks good on paper, but networking and building friendships is what gets you a job"

"He pulled her heart strings
and unraveled her soul
now....she lays before him
.....in pieces"

"In love with the sun in Sydney today...
What's happening in your worlds today? X" intently gazing at Ahab's hand,
and feeling it. "A man needs a little madness or else he never dares to cut the rope &amp; be free. - Nikos Kazantazkis #quote via @RichSimmondsZA"

"The Emperor's New Groove http://t.co/mF13VZaW9U"

"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu" muttered the old Manxman. "Altogether, there are only 6 acts who've ever REACHED the top of the billboard charts with their first 4 albums, the boys being 1."



CHAPTER 126. The Life-Buoy.


Steering now south-eastward by Ahab's levelled steel, and her progress
solely determined by Ahab's level log and line; the Pequod held on
her path towards the Equator. Making so long a passage through such
unfrequented waters, descrying no ships, and ere long, sideways impelled
by unvarying trade winds, over waves monotonously mild; all these seemed
the strange calm things preluding some riotous and desperate scene.

At last, when the ship drew near to the outskirts, as it were, of the
Equatorial fishing-ground, and in the deep darkness that goes before the
dawn, was sailing by a cluster of rocky islets; the watch--then headed
by Flask--was startled by a cry so plaintively wild and unearthly--like
half-articulated wailings of the ghosts of all Herod's murdered
Innocents--that one and all, they started from their reveries, and for
the space of some moments stood, or sat, or leaned all transfixedly
listening, like the carved Roman slave, while that wild cry remained
within hearing. The Christian or civilized part of the crew said it was
mermaids, and shuddered; but the pagan harpooneers remained unappalled.
Yet the grey Manxman--the oldest mariner of all--declared that the wild
thrilling sounds that were heard, were the voices of newly drowned men
in the sea.

Below in his hammock, Ahab did not hear of this till grey dawn, when
he came to the deck; it was then recounted to him by Flask, not
unaccompanied with hinted dark meanings. He hollowly laughed, and thus
explained the wonder.

Those rocky islands the ship had passed were the resort of great numbers
of seals, and some young seals that had lost their dams, or some dams
that had lost their cubs, must have risen nigh the ship and kept company
with her, crying and sobbing with their human sort of wail. But this
only the more affected some of them, because most mariners cherish a
very superstitious feeling about seals, arising not only from their
peculiar tones when in distress, but also from the human look of their
round heads and semi-intelligent faces, seen peeringly uprising from
the water alongside. In the sea, under certain circumstances, seals have
more than once been mistaken for men.

But the bodings of the crew were destined to receive a most plausible
confirmation in the fate of one of their number that morning. At
sun-rise this man went from his hammock to his mast-head at the fore;
and whether it was that he was not yet half waked from his sleep (for
sailors sometimes go aloft in a transition state), whether it was thus
with the man, there is now no telling; but, be that as it may, he
had not been long at his perch, when a cry was heard--a cry and a
rushing--and looking up, they saw a falling phantom in the air; and
looking down, a little tossed heap of white bubbles in the blue of the
sea.

The life-buoy--a long slender cask--was dropped from the stern, where it
always hung obedient to a cunning spring; but no hand rose to seize it,
and the sun having long beat upon this cask it had shrunken, so that it
slowly filled, and that parched wood also filled at its every pore; and
the studded iron-bound cask followed the sailor to the bottom, as if to
yield him his pillow, though in sooth but a hard one.

And thus the first man of the Pequod that mounted the mast to look out
for the White Whale, on the White Whale's own peculiar ground; that man
was swallowed up in the deep. But few, perhaps, thought of that at the
time. Indeed, in some sort, they were not grieved at this event, at
least as a portent; for they regarded it, not as a foreshadowing of evil
in the future, but as the fulfilment of an evil already presaged. They
declared that now they knew the reason of those wild shrieks they had
heard the night before. But again the old Manxman said nay.

The lost life-buoy was now to be replaced; Starbuck was directed to see
to it; but as no cask of sufficient lightness could be found, and as
in the feverish eagerness of what seemed the approaching crisis of
the voyage, all hands were impatient of any toil but what was directly
connected with its final end, whatever that might prove to be;
therefore, they were going to leave the ship's stern unprovided with a
buoy, when by certain strange signs and inuendoes Queequeg hinted a hint
concerning his coffin.

"John Lennon would frequently nap in a coffin his manager had." cried Starbuck, starting.

"boys who take their education and responsibilities seriously are so much more attractive rather than boys who just don't care" said Stubb.

"Good ain't good enough" said Flask, "Missing: 14-Year-Old Kalis Adams last seen 6200 block of Carpenter Street.Call SW Detectives 215-686-3183 or 911 http://t.co/w7qwmBEEDs"

"Nothing kills you like your mind" said Starbuck, after a
melancholy pause. "Missing: 14-Year-Old Kalis Adams last seen 6200 block of Carpenter Street.Call SW Detectives 215-686-3183 or 911 http://t.co/w7qwmBEEDs"

"[on first date]
Yes I'll have the-
*whispers to waiter*
I don't speak French
*points at menu*
"The French toast, sir?"
Yeah. 6 of those." moving his hand as with a hammer.

""Aye what kind of phone you got?" That TracPhone 5 http://t.co/xyzLO6lYPI”"

"I finally understand the basics of texturing in Blender, here's the first thing I made where you cant see any seams http://t.co/sJLBOBz77K" moving his hand as with a
caulking-iron.

""Aye what kind of phone you got?" That TracPhone 5 http://t.co/xyzLO6lYPI”"

"Great win boys!! Really enjoyed on the pitch! @ManUtd http://t.co/WTL8CXELym" moving his hand as
with a pitch-pot.

"I've learned to shut up more. Sometimes letting a player play is more important than being Mr. Coach. – Gregg Popovich"

".@Eddielack: "We won fair and square." You did Eddie, congrats. Puzzle champs 2014.

WATCH → http://t.co/Hn4YvWkWAr http://t.co/A96bG6WIBF"



CHAPTER 127. The Deck.


THE COFFIN LAID UPON TWO LINE-TUBS, BETWEEN THE VICE-BENCH AND THE OPEN
HATCHWAY; THE CARPENTER CAULKING ITS SEAMS; THE STRING OF TWISTED OAKUM
SLOWLY UNWINDING FROM A LARGE ROLL OF IT PLACED IN THE BOSOM OF
HIS FROCK.--AHAB COMES SLOWLY FROM THE CABIN-GANGWAY, AND HEARS PIP
FOLLOWING HIM.


"A little black boy is walking around crying and holding a sign that says "Free hugs" in the middle of a Ferguson protest. +"

"If there isn't two or more white girls in Starbucks at all times they have to burn the building down...

Starbuck's policy ☕️"

"Is there unreleased Kurt Cobain music on the way? http://t.co/vmaTWiwggi http://t.co/NkXrfb6DhS"

"90 year old woman does a double back flip. http://t.co/bKO5zjQdnA"

"go out &amp; shop?? ew. that takes time &amp; effort. no thx. black friday shopping at its finest: http://t.co/vs3IABO75w *new products &amp; sales* 😏"

"Santa Claus is a mythical father figure who rewards those who believe in him. Only children should believe in someone that obviously fake."

"My all time #SurvivorSeries team? Me, @WWEBrayWyatt, Mankind, Undertaker,  Macho Man. Bone chilling &amp; unpredictable.  @WWE @realmickfoley"

"if i ever tell u that something is my favorite song dont listen to me im a liar i have more favorite songs than there are babies in china"

""Jack of all trades, master of none? Quite the opposite, actually. Master of everything, possibly even the universe itself." @3RDEYEGIRL"

"There's no better time to be thankful for your health––but make sure you're prepared for anything: http://t.co/AqSgOUrPlR #GetCovered"

"One of the world's largest volcanoes erupts, shooting ash more than 3,000 feet into the air http://t.co/exJX2hFzyr http://t.co/nUxYUx8yMb"

"2 #MQM workers brutally &amp; cowardly murdered by terrorists 4m point blank range in #Karachi Govt totally indifferent to these target killings"

"In the 79th edition of the #IronBowl, this is highest scoring game in the series.

There's still 12:54 left to play. http://t.co/dCBXunJUB9"Faith, sir, I've--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Faith? What's that?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Why, faith, sir, it's only a sort of exclamation-like--that's all,
sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Um, um; go on."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"I was about to say, sir, that--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Art thou a silk-worm? Dost thou spin thy own shroud out of thyself?
Look at thy bosom! Despatch! and get these traps out of sight."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"He goes aft. That was sudden, now; but squalls come sudden in hot
latitudes. I've heard that the Isle of Albemarle, one of the Gallipagos,
is cut by the Equator right in the middle. Seems to me some sort of
Equator cuts yon old man, too, right in his middle. He's always under
the Line--fiery hot, I tell ye! He's looking this way--come, oakum;
quick. Here we go again. This wooden mallet is the cork, and I'm the
professor of musical glasses--tap, tap!"Police refused to give Tamir Rice first aid. He was still alive. Minutes later FBI agent pulled up and did it himself http://t.co/NRHJ68udWj"There's a sight! There's a sound! The grey-headed woodpecker tapping
the hollow tree! Blind and dumb might well be envied now. See! that
thing rests on two line-tubs, full of tow-lines. A most malicious wag,
that fellow. Rat-tat! So man's seconds tick! Oh! how immaterial are all
materials! What things real are there, but imponderable thoughts? Here
now's the very dreaded symbol of grim death, by a mere hap, made
the expressive sign of the help and hope of most endangered life.
A life-buoy of a coffin! Does it go further? Can it be that in some
spiritual sense the coffin is, after all, but an immortality-preserver!
I'll think of that. But no. So far gone am I in the dark side of earth,
that its other side, the theoretic bright one, seems but uncertain
twilight to me. Will ye never have done, Carpenter, with that accursed
sound? I go below; let me not see that thing here when I return
again. Now, then, Pip, we'll talk this over; I do suck most wondrous
philosophies from thee! Some unknown conduits from the unknown worlds
must empty into thee!"Big news from #ApacheCon! @CouchDB adds clustering &amp; big data capabilities w/2.0 developer preview of its #NoSQL db: http://t.co/c6wPvu66KU"Bad news; she brings bad news,"In Ferguson, a police commander who is well-liked by the protesters http://t.co/7PQQupRcmJ http://t.co/yngoa8JGyL"Hast seen the White Whale?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, yesterday. Have ye seen a whale-boat adrift?"So Ray Rice is now immediately reinstated and can sign with any team any time."Where was he?--not killed!--not killed!"Congrats to the 8 teams advancing to the #OHSAA state championships with a win tonight. Ohio Stadium awaits you! http://t.co/iVgO4hiGqw"How was it?"One Direction FINALLY announce UK and Ireland tour dates for their On The Road Again tour http://t.co/K2gEPYTPHJ http://t.co/YXETdaalOe"I will wager something now,"My friends final wrestling match his senior year, came out to the match with a rainbow singlet and whispered "im gay" in the other guys ear"that some one
in that missing boat wore off that Captain's best coat; mayhap, his
watch--he's so cursed anxious to get it back. Who ever heard of two
pious whale-ships cruising after one missing whale-boat in the height of
the whaling season? See, Flask, only see how pale he looks--pale in the
very buttons of his eyes--look--it wasn't the coat--it must have been
the--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"My boy, my own boy is among them. For God's sake--I beg, I
conjure"THIS A PETITION TO BURN ALL MAKE UP SUPPLIES AROUND THE WORLD https://t.co/Pbd4uk02DD"For eight-and-forty hours let me
charter your ship--I will gladly pay for it, and roundly pay for it--if
there be no other way--for eight-and-forty hours only--only that--you
must, oh, you must, and you SHALL do this thing."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"His son!"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"oh, it's his son he's lost! I take back the
coat and watch--what says Ahab? We must save that boy."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"He's drowned with the rest on 'em, last night,"if you're in a bad mood just imagine Marilyn Manson standing on a rickety ladder putting Christmas lights on his house"I heard; all of ye heard their spirits."I condemn dirty political conspiracies I will not support any extra constitutional action from anyone I will not only condemn but resist"I will not go,"Taylor Swift Without Eyeliner (It's stranger than you think) http://t.co/RomTDp8Qu2"till you say aye to me. Do to me
as you would have me do to you in the like case. For YOU too have a boy,
Captain Ahab--though but a child, and nestling safely at home now--a
child of your old age too--Yes, yes, you relent; I see it--run, run,
men, now, and stand by to square in the yards."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Avast,""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"touch not a rope-yarn"Waking up to see the word Nala trending &lt;3"Captain Gardiner, I will not do it.
Even now I lose time. Good-bye, good-bye. God bless ye, man, and may I
forgive myself, but I must go. Mr. Starbuck, look at the binnacle watch,
and in three minutes from this present instant warn off all strangers:
then brace forward again, and let the ship sail as before."Unconditional Love. ' http://t.co/haj0ui6kbD"Lad, lad, I tell thee thou must not follow Ahab now. The hour is coming
when Ahab would not scare thee from him, yet would not have thee by him.
There is that in thee, poor lad, which I feel too curing to my malady.
Like cures like; and for this hunt, my malady becomes my most desired
health. Do thou abide below here, where they shall serve thee, as if
thou wert the captain. Aye, lad, thou shalt sit here in my own screwed
chair; another screw to it, thou must be."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"No, no, no! ye have not a whole body, sir; do ye but use poor me for
your one lost leg; only tread upon me, sir; I ask no more, so I remain a
part of ye."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh! spite of million villains, this makes me a bigot in the fadeless
fidelity of man!--and a black! and crazy!--but methinks like-cures-like
applies to him too; he grows so sane again."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"They tell me, sir, that Stubb did once desert poor little Pip, whose
drowned bones now show white, for all the blackness of his living skin.
But I will never desert ye, sir, as Stubb did him. Sir, I must go with
ye."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"If thou speakest thus to me much more, Ahab's purpose keels up in him.
I tell thee no; it cannot be."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh good master, master, master!

"The self is a circle whose centre is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere. ~ Carl Jung http://t.co/TlczDZhPyU"

(AHAB GOES; PIP STEPS ONE STEP FORWARD.)


"Imran Khan's tall claims of righteousness fal flat when he remains quiet n endorses corruption of his key lieutenants http://t.co/cSiAHqe7dz"



CHAPTER 130. The Hat.


And now that at the proper time and place, after so long and wide a
preliminary cruise, Ahab,--all other whaling waters swept--seemed to
have chased his foe into an ocean-fold, to slay him the more securely
there; now, that he found himself hard by the very latitude and
longitude where his tormenting wound had been inflicted; now that a
vessel had been spoken which on the very day preceding had actually
encountered Moby Dick;--and now that all his successive meetings with
various ships contrastingly concurred to show the demoniac indifference
with which the white whale tore his hunters, whether sinning or sinned
against; now it was that there lurked a something in the old man's eyes,
which it was hardly sufferable for feeble souls to see. As the unsetting
polar star, which through the livelong, arctic, six months' night
sustains its piercing, steady, central gaze; so Ahab's purpose now
fixedly gleamed down upon the constant midnight of the gloomy crew. It
domineered above them so, that all their bodings, doubts, misgivings,
fears, were fain to hide beneath their souls, and not sprout forth a
single spear or leaf.

In this foreshadowing interval too, all humor, forced or natural,
vanished. Stubb no more strove to raise a smile; Starbuck no more strove
to check one. Alike, joy and sorrow, hope and fear, seemed ground to
finest dust, and powdered, for the time, in the clamped mortar of
Ahab's iron soul. Like machines, they dumbly moved about the deck, ever
conscious that the old man's despot eye was on them.

But did you deeply scan him in his more secret confidential hours; when
he thought no glance but one was on him; then you would have seen that
even as Ahab's eyes so awed the crew's, the inscrutable Parsee's glance
awed his; or somehow, at least, in some wild way, at times affected it.
Such an added, gliding strangeness began to invest the thin Fedallah
now; such ceaseless shudderings shook him; that the men looked dubious
at him; half uncertain, as it seemed, whether indeed he were a mortal
substance, or else a tremulous shadow cast upon the deck by some unseen
being's body. And that shadow was always hovering there. For not by
night, even, had Fedallah ever certainly been known to slumber, or go
below. He would stand still for hours: but never sat or leaned; his wan
but wondrous eyes did plainly say--We two watchmen never rest.

Nor, at any time, by night or day could the mariners now step upon the
deck, unless Ahab was before them; either standing in his pivot-hole, or
exactly pacing the planks between two undeviating limits,--the main-mast
and the mizen; or else they saw him standing in the cabin-scuttle,--his
living foot advanced upon the deck, as if to step; his hat slouched
heavily over his eyes; so that however motionless he stood, however the
days and nights were added on, that he had not swung in his hammock;
yet hidden beneath that slouching hat, they could never tell unerringly
whether, for all this, his eyes were really closed at times; or whether
he was still intently scanning them; no matter, though he stood so in
the scuttle for a whole hour on the stretch, and the unheeded night-damp
gathered in beads of dew upon that stone-carved coat and hat. The
clothes that the night had wet, the next day's sunshine dried upon him;
and so, day after day, and night after night; he went no more beneath
the planks; whatever he wanted from the cabin that thing he sent for.

He ate in the same open air; that is, his two only meals,--breakfast and
dinner: supper he never touched; nor reaped his beard; which darkly grew
all gnarled, as unearthed roots of trees blown over, which still grow
idly on at naked base, though perished in the upper verdure. But though
his whole life was now become one watch on deck; and though the Parsee's
mystic watch was without intermission as his own; yet these two never
seemed to speak--one man to the other--unless at long intervals some
passing unmomentous matter made it necessary. Though such a potent spell
seemed secretly to join the twain; openly, and to the awe-struck crew,
they seemed pole-like asunder. If by day they chanced to speak one word;
by night, dumb men were both, so far as concerned the slightest verbal
interchange. At times, for longest hours, without a single hail, they
stood far parted in the starlight; Ahab in his scuttle, the Parsee by
the mainmast; but still fixedly gazing upon each other; as if in the
Parsee Ahab saw his forethrown shadow, in Ahab the Parsee his abandoned
substance.

And yet, somehow, did Ahab--in his own proper self, as daily, hourly,
and every instant, commandingly revealed to his subordinates,--Ahab
seemed an independent lord; the Parsee but his slave. Still again both
seemed yoked together, and an unseen tyrant driving them; the lean shade
siding the solid rib. For be this Parsee what he may, all rib and keel
was solid Ahab.

At the first faintest glimmering of the dawn, his iron voice was heard
from aft,--"It was close, but @AnderHerrera is today's Man of the Match with 48% of your votes, ahead of Rooney and Smalling. http://t.co/vxrk1vcxCs"--and all through the day, till after
sunset and after twilight, the same voice every hour, at the striking of
the helmsman's bell, was heard--"Hello hello.. Chat at 6.30 plz ?? 🙈 Very sorry. 6.30 sharp! See u on the page @TeamKritikaK"

But when three or four days had slided by, after meeting the
children-seeking Rachel; and no spout had yet been seen; the monomaniac
old man seemed distrustful of his crew's fidelity; at least, of nearly
all except the Pagan harpooneers; he seemed to doubt, even, whether
Stubb and Flask might not willingly overlook the sight he sought. But if
these suspicions were really his, he sagaciously refrained from verbally
expressing them, however his actions might seem to hint them.

"North is like,"Kimberly, please. I can walk by myself. I got this." http://t.co/Kjp6y9uYnM"--he said. "A liberal,loving attitude attaching importance to science&amp;arts, one that brings women forefront&amp; embrace all people should prevail in Egypt."Take the rope, sir--I give
it into thy hands, Starbuck."sincere apologies to all the fans in brazil- had to cancel the appearance due to circumstances beyond my control- hope to reschedule soon."Your hat, your hat, sir!"Missing Ohio State football player sent mom text before disappearance http://t.co/jf49PD26F7"Hast seen the White Whale?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Look!"VIDEO: Marshawn Lynch switched it up and replied “Nope” to reporter’s postgame questions  http://t.co/zlPjZaAYR0 http://t.co/ntwr4NFMxw"Hast killed him?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The harpoon is not yet forged that ever will do that,"with Jaeson. 1min meeting and pray together. God is amazing. lol http://t.co/54KshHPj1V"Not forged!"My TL is awash w/ Bears fans lamenting, Bell owners crowing, and pretty girls exclaiming how many calories they're consuming. #Thanksgiving"Look ye, Nantucketer; here in this hand I hold
his death! Tempered in blood, and tempered by lightning are these barbs;
and I swear to temper them triply in that hot place behind the fin,
where the White Whale most feels his accursed life!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Then God keep thee, old man--see'st thou that"my favorite thing about school was sitting with ur friend &amp; flipping through a random textbook pointing at ugly pictures &amp; saying “that’s u”"I bury but one of five stout men, who were alive only
yesterday; but were dead ere night. Only THAT one I bury; the rest were
buried before they died; you sail upon their tomb."Games, Christmas cookies and the crew always making me smile☺️ http://t.co/PWYhiell7Z"Are ye ready there? place the plank then on the rail, and
lift the body; so, then--Oh! God"Congrats to the 8 teams advancing to the #OHSAA state championships with a win tonight. Ohio Stadium awaits you! http://t.co/iVgO4hiGqw"may the resurrection and the life--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Brace forward! Up helm!"“Despite a conspicuous lack of success, central bankers persist with the same policies.” – Satyajit Das
http://t.co/8u2l4XfVAk"Ha! yonder! look yonder, men!"hearing my own voice on recording makes me want to apologize to every single person ive talked to like im really sorry"In vain, oh, ye strangers, ye fly our sad burial; ye but turn us your
taffrail to show us your coffin!"The social media behavior around Ferguson events is directly due to police &amp; govt failure to act promptly &amp; transparently."Starbuck!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh, Starbuck! it is a mild, mild wind, and a mild looking sky. On such
a day--very much such a sweetness as this--I struck my first whale--a
boy-harpooneer of eighteen! Forty--forty--forty years ago!--ago! Forty
years of continual whaling! forty years of privation, and peril, and
storm-time! forty years on the pitiless sea! for forty years has Ahab
forsaken the peaceful land, for forty years to make war on the horrors
of the deep! Aye and yes, Starbuck, out of those forty years I have not
spent three ashore. When I think of this life I have led; the desolation
of solitude it has been; the masoned, walled-town of a Captain's
exclusiveness, which admits but small entrance to any sympathy from the
green country without--oh, weariness! heaviness! Guinea-coast slavery of
solitary command!--when I think of all this; only half-suspected, not so
keenly known to me before--and how for forty years I have fed upon dry
salted fare--fit emblem of the dry nourishment of my soil!--when the
poorest landsman has had fresh fruit to his daily hand, and broken the
world's fresh bread to my mouldy crusts--away, whole oceans away, from
that young girl-wife I wedded past fifty, and sailed for Cape Horn
the next day, leaving but one dent in my marriage pillow--wife?
wife?--rather a widow with her husband alive! Aye, I widowed that poor
girl when I married her, Starbuck; and then, the madness, the frenzy,
the boiling blood and the smoking brow, with which, for a thousand
lowerings old Ahab has furiously, foamingly chased his prey--more a
demon than a man!--aye, aye! what a forty years' fool--fool--old fool,
has old Ahab been! Why this strife of the chase? why weary, and palsy
the arm at the oar, and the iron, and the lance? how the richer or
better is Ahab now? Behold. Oh, Starbuck! is it not hard, that with this
weary load I bear, one poor leg should have been snatched from under
me? Here, brush this old hair aside; it blinds me, that I seem to weep.
Locks so grey did never grow but from out some ashes! But do I look
very old, so very, very old, Starbuck? I feel deadly faint, bowed, and
humped, as though I were Adam, staggering beneath the piled
centuries since Paradise. God! God! God!--crack my heart!--stave my
brain!--mockery! mockery! bitter, biting mockery of grey hairs, have
I lived enough joy to wear ye; and seem and feel thus intolerably old?
Close! stand close to me, Starbuck; let me look into a human eye; it is
better than to gaze into sea or sky; better than to gaze upon God. By
the green land; by the bright hearth-stone! this is the magic glass,
man; I see my wife and my child in thine eye. No, no; stay on board, on
board!--lower not when I do; when branded Ahab gives chase to Moby Dick.
That hazard shall not be thine. No, no! not with the far away home I see
in that eye!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh, my Captain! my Captain! noble soul! grand old heart, after all! why
should any one give chase to that hated fish! Away with me! let us
fly these deadly waters! let us home! Wife and child, too, are
Starbuck's--wife and child of his brotherly, sisterly, play-fellow
youth; even as thine, sir, are the wife and child of thy loving,
longing, paternal old age! Away! let us away!--this instant let me alter
the course! How cheerily, how hilariously, O my Captain, would we bowl
on our way to see old Nantucket again! I think, sir, they have some such
mild blue days, even as this, in Nantucket."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"They have, they have. I have seen them--some summer days in the
morning. About this time--yes, it is his noon nap now--the boy
vivaciously wakes; sits up in bed; and his mother tells him of me, of
cannibal old me; how I am abroad upon the deep, but will yet come back
to dance him again."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"'Tis my Mary, my Mary herself! She promised that my boy, every morning,
should be carried to the hill to catch the first glimpse of his father's
sail! Yes, yes! no more! it is done! we head for Nantucket! Come, my
Captain, study out the course, and let us away! See, see! the boy's face
from the window! the boy's hand on the hill!"Jack Wilshere - A professional hospital patient whose career has been blighted by football. http://t.co/RT7My5m9gg"What is it, what nameless, inscrutable, unearthly thing is it; what
cozening, hidden lord and master, and cruel, remorseless emperor
commands me; that against all natural lovings and longings, I so keep
pushing, and crowding, and jamming myself on all the time; recklessly
making me ready to do what in my own proper, natural heart, I durst not
so much as dare? Is Ahab, Ahab? Is it I, God, or who, that lifts this
arm? But if the great sun move not of himself; but is as an errand-boy
in heaven; nor one single star can revolve, but by some invisible power;
how then can this one small heart beat; this one small brain think
thoughts; unless God does that beating, does that thinking, does that
living, and not I. By heaven, man, we are turned round and round in
this world, like yonder windlass, and Fate is the handspike. And all
the time, lo! that smiling sky, and this unsounded sea! Look! see yon
Albicore! who put it into him to chase and fang that flying-fish? Where
do murderers go, man! Who's to doom, when the judge himself is dragged
to the bar? But it is a mild, mild wind, and a mild looking sky; and
the air smells now, as if it blew from a far-away meadow; they have been
making hay somewhere under the slopes of the Andes, Starbuck, and the
mowers are sleeping among the new-mown hay. Sleeping? Aye, toil we how
we may, we all sleep at last on the field. Sleep? Aye, and rust amid
greenness; as last year's scythes flung down, and left in the half-cut
swaths--Starbuck!"It looks like a "Metallic Gold" Nike Air Foamposite One is dropping in 2015: http://t.co/gE1oXK3MVd"Man the mast-heads! Call all hands!"Potential danger exists on the pitch but, as Chris Hartley writes, is dismissed almost instantaneously. Until Tuesday http://t.co/UcHlAFprFW"What d'ye see?"I haven't seen people outraged by the buffer zone created in Gaza this week flattening homes. Wait... Egypt did that, not Israel. Gotcha."Nothing, nothing sir!"Just when everyone thought it's Summer, it's hailing! ❄️⛄️😂"T'gallant sails!--stunsails! alow and aloft, and on both sides!"Cross the line if you feel like you're trying too hard to keep certain people in your life."There she blows!--there she blows! A hump like a snow-hill! It is
Moby Dick!"UKIP warns of Schrödinger’s immigrant who ‘lazes around on benefits whilst simultaneously stealing your job’ http://t.co/05lxsWUDbU"And did none of ye see it before?"Tintagel is perched high above the crashing waves on the cliffs of the north Cornwall coast: http://t.co/3YJUuRzmT9 #SecretBritain"I saw him almost that same instant, sir, that Captain Ahab did, and I
cried out,"and then God said, let there be the Hemsworth Brothers 😍 http://t.co/DHfdzg6qLq"Not the same instant; not the same--no, the doubloon is mine, Fate
reserved the doubloon for me. I only; none of ye could have raised the
White Whale first. There she blows!--there she blows!--there she blows!
There again!--there again!"We can sit and watch Overfloater's well-drawn gif all day long. It's very relaxing. How do you use #KSP to relax? http://t.co/BK4JGspsdk"He's going to sound! In stunsails! Down top-gallant-sails! Stand by
three boats. Mr. Starbuck, remember, stay on board, and keep the ship.
Helm there! Luff, luff a point! So; steady, man, steady! There go
flukes! No, no; only black water! All ready the boats there? Stand by,
stand by! Lower me, Mr. Starbuck; lower, lower,--quick, quicker!"Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own"He is heading straight to leeward, sir,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"right away from
us; cannot have seen the ship yet."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Be dumb, man! Stand by the braces! Hard down the helm!--brace up!
Shiver her!--shiver her!--So; well that! Boats, boats!"Guys: indictment and verdict cannot be used interchangeably #Fergsuon http://t.co/vGbPV6hbQw"An hour,"WARNING: YOUR AIR MAY BE FRESHENED http://t.co/ggg7sLf3zu"The birds!--the birds!"Anyone celebrating sainting of Indic individuals infected by pretonmada are public health hazards:Did you ever celebrate contracting HIV1/2?"Sail on
the"I just hid under a bed and waited for tom to come in then I stuck my hand out and shouted and he pooed himself 😂😂😂 #TomsAWoman - Barclay"Sail on the whale!--Drive him
off!"Cocaine Toothache Drops. Instantaneous Cure! http://t.co/j05oi8z4bq"The harpoon,"I have a rising follower graph! 80 more followers in the past day. Get your stats right here http://t.co/bM0YphIj1d"is it safe?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, sir, for it was not darted; this is it,"Stay warm while showing your pride with the FC Barcelona Winter Collection. http://t.co/jLzPRKWJwk http://t.co/Lr8n9hDSMw"Lay it before me;--any missing men?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"One, two, three, four, five;--there were five oars, sir, and here are
five men."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"That's good.--Help me, man; I wish to stand. So, so, I see him! there!
there! going to leeward still; what a leaping spout!--Hands off from me!
The eternal sap runs up in Ahab's bones again! Set the sail; out oars;
the helm!"sincere apologies to all the fans in brazil- had to cancel the appearance due to circumstances beyond my control- hope to reschedule soon."Whose is the doubloon now? D'ye see him?"🙈RT @curtisgwinn: This couple in front of me just ordered $50 of prime rib &amp; proudly exclaimed "it's for our dogs!" http://t.co/UbrmP1K17r"The
thistle the ass refused; it pricked his mouth too keenly, sir; ha! ha!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"What soulless thing is this that laughs before a wreck? Man, man! did
I not know thee brave as fearless fire (and as mechanical) I could swear
thou wert a poltroon. Groan nor laugh should be heard before a wreck."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, sir,"Secret Starbuck drink http://t.co/xqKRoD2k8Y"'tis a solemn sight; an omen,
and an ill one."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Omen? omen?--the dictionary! If the gods think to speak outright to
man, they will honourably speak outright; not shake their heads, and
give an old wives' darkling hint.--Begone! Ye two are the opposite poles
of one thing; Starbuck is Stubb reversed, and Stubb is Starbuck; and
ye two are all mankind; and Ahab stands alone among the millions of
the peopled earth, nor gods nor men his neighbors! Cold, cold--I
shiver!--How now? Aloft there! D'ye see him? Sing out for every spout,
though he spout ten times a second!"There's a rustling in the back of the church, people shouting about "agitators." Presser ends."Can't see the spout now, sir;--too dark"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"How heading when last seen?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"As before, sir,--straight to leeward."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Good! he will travel slower now 'tis night. Down royals and top-gallant
stun-sails, Mr. Starbuck. We must not run over him before morning; he's
making a passage now, and may heave-to a while. Helm there! keep her
full before the wind!--Aloft! come down!--Mr. Stubb, send a fresh hand
to the fore-mast head, and see it manned till morning."Congrats to the 8 teams advancing to the #OHSAA state championships with a win tonight. Ohio Stadium awaits you! http://t.co/iVgO4hiGqw"Men, this gold is mine, for I
earned it; but I shall let it abide here till the White Whale is dead;
and then, whosoever of ye first raises him, upon the day he shall be
killed, this gold is that man's; and if on that day I shall again raise
him, then, ten times its sum shall be divided among all of ye! Away
now!--the deck is thine, sir!"#Athletics could use Brett Lawrie at 2B if they make a run at 3B Chase Headley as @based_ball suggested tonight. 
http://t.co/aGIMDodTpG"D'ye see him?"stop asking why they keep doing it and start asking why you keep allowing it."See nothing, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Turn up all hands and make sail! he travels faster than I thought
for;--the top-gallant sails!--aye, they should have been kept on her all
night. But no matter--'tis but resting for the rush."sincere apologies to all the fans in brazil- had to cancel the appearance due to circumstances beyond my control- hope to reschedule soon."By salt and hemp!"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"but this swift motion of the deck
creeps up one's legs and tingles at the heart. This ship and I are two
brave fellows!--Ha, ha! Some one take me up, and launch me, spine-wise,
on the sea,--for by live-oaks! my spine's a keel. Ha, ha! we go the gait
that leaves no dust behind!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"There she blows--she blows!--she blows!--right ahead!"Sydney Cricket Ground lowers flag to half mast for Phillip Hughes http://t.co/6Yf1bdVXEX via @DailyMailAU http://t.co/6l6URxpj6N"Aye, aye!"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"I knew it--ye can't escape--blow on and
split your spout, O whale! the mad fiend himself is after ye! blow your
trump--blister your lungs!--Ahab will dam off your blood, as a miller
shuts his watergate upon the stream!"A lot of people emphasize their individualities, but they actually live for the approval of others."Why sing ye not out for him, if ye see him?"Police refused to give Tamir Rice first aid. He was still alive. Minutes later FBI agent pulled up and did it himself http://t.co/NRHJ68udWj"Sway me up, men; ye have been deceived; not Moby Dick casts one odd jet
that way, and then disappears."I do not accept that women in gaming is a new phenomenon. I do not accept that gaming fundamentals have to change to attract women."There she breaches! there she breaches!"“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness.”
—Steve Maraboli"Aye, breach your last to the sun, Moby Dick!""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8"thy hour and
thy harpoon are at hand!--Down! down all of ye, but one man at the fore.
The boats!--stand by!"Isolated Incidents? 40 Cops in 30 Days Racked Up Dozens of Charges of Child Rape and Sexual Abuse
http://t.co/vWvJFbtTjb"Lower away,"It's been a while since I've followed you guys... whoever RT's my previous tweet (with the vine) will get a follow ☺️ GO GO GO!!!"Mr. Starbuck, the ship is thine--keep
away from the boats, but keep near them. Lower, all!"I just want to get a full night of uninterrupted sleep and wake up to some bacon and some head. Is that too much to ask for?"Aye, aye, Starbuck, 'tis sweet to lean sometimes, be the leaner who he
will; and would old Ahab had leaned oftener than he has."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The ferrule has not stood, sir,"Missing: 14-Year-Old Kalis Adams last seen 6200 block of Carpenter Street.Call SW Detectives 215-686-3183 or 911 http://t.co/w7qwmBEEDs"I
put good work into that leg."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"But no bones broken, sir, I hope,"11' - Concern here for Angel Di Maria, as he pulls up clutching his right hamstring. He's currently receiving treatment. #mufclive"Aye! and all splintered to pieces, Stubb!--d'ye see it.--But even with
a broken bone, old Ahab is untouched; and I account no living bone of
mine one jot more me, than this dead one that's lost. Nor white whale,
nor man, nor fiend, can so much as graze old Ahab in his own proper and
inaccessible being. Can any lead touch yonder floor, any mast scrape
yonder roof?--Aloft there! which way?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Dead to leeward, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Up helm, then; pile on the sail again, ship keepers! down the rest of
the spare boats and rig them--Mr. Starbuck away, and muster the boat's
crews."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Let me first help thee towards the bulwarks, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Oh, oh, oh! how this splinter gores me now! Accursed fate! that the
unconquerable captain in the soul should have such a craven mate!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Sir?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"My body, man, not thee. Give me something for a cane--there, that
shivered lance will do. Muster the men. Surely I have not seen him yet.
By heaven it cannot be!--missing?--quick! call them all.". @sainsburys #Christmas ad won't be investigated by @ASA_UK despite mustering 727 complaints http://t.co/VdjQsmheRn http://t.co/axLynX47mv"The Parsee!"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"he must have been caught in--"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"The black vomit wrench thee!--run all of ye above, alow, cabin,
forecastle--find him--not gone--not gone!"62-year-old actor Mickey Rourke returned to the ring and boxed 29-year-old Elliot Seymour http://t.co/YA2fhM5ntX http://t.co/fKxbXkPbZf"Aye, sir,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"caught among the tangles of your line--I
thought I saw him dragging under."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"MY line! MY line? Gone?--gone? What means that little word?--What
death-knell rings in it, that old Ahab shakes as if he were the belfry.
The harpoon, too!--toss over the litter there,--d'ye see it?--the forged
iron, men, the white whale's--no, no, no,--blistered fool! this hand did
dart it!--'tis in the fish!--Aloft there! Keep him nailed--Quick!--all
hands to the rigging of the boats--collect the oars--harpooneers!
the irons, the irons!--hoist the royals higher--a pull on all the
sheets!--helm there! steady, steady for your life! I'll ten times girdle
the unmeasured globe; yea and dive straight through it, but I'll slay
him yet!

"I'm often asked how 2 bridge gap bt #science/public. This primer on sci v lay English=gr8 start #scicomm ht @markgfh http://t.co/jI2OtcRc0x" cried Starbuck;
"We all have our limits... It's wise to pay attention to the warnings"What more wouldst thou have?--Shall we keep chasing this murderous fish
till he swamps the last man? Shall we be dragged by him to the bottom
of the sea? Shall we be towed by him to the infernal world? Oh,
oh,--Impiety and blasphemy to hunt him more!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Starbuck, of late I've felt strangely moved to thee; ever since that
hour we both saw--thou know'st what, in one another's eyes. But in this
matter of the whale, be the front of thy face to me as the palm of this
hand--a lipless, unfeatured blank. Ahab is for ever Ahab, man. This
whole act's immutably decreed. 'Twas rehearsed by thee and me a billion
years before this ocean rolled. Fool! I am the Fates' lieutenant; I act
under orders. Look thou, underling! that thou obeyest mine.--Stand round
me, men. Ye see an old man cut down to the stump; leaning on a shivered
lance; propped up on a lonely foot. 'Tis Ahab--his body's part; but
Ahab's soul's a centipede, that moves upon a hundred legs. I feel
strained, half stranded, as ropes that tow dismasted frigates in a gale;
and I may look so. But ere I break, ye'll hear me crack; and till ye hear
THAT, know that Ahab's hawser tows his purpose yet. Believe ye, men, in
the things called omens? Then laugh aloud, and cry encore! For ere they
drown, drowning things will twice rise to the surface; then rise again,
to sink for evermore. So with Moby Dick--two days he's floated--tomorrow
will be the third. Aye, men, he'll rise once more,--but only to spout
his last! D'ye feel brave men, brave?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"As fearless fire,"Gay marriage vote: PM Stubb "sincerely happy", Finns Party’s Soini "disappointed" 
http://t.co/EtzxMC9elU"And as mechanical,"#BarhoKManzilQareebHai Today is a defining moment for us as we carry forward our struggle for Justice, InshaAllah. http://t.co/FIauRTwXGq"The things called omens! And yesterday I talked the same
to Starbuck there, concerning my broken boat. Oh! how valiantly I seek
to drive out of others' hearts what's clinched so fast in mine!--The
Parsee--the Parsee!--gone, gone? and he was to go before:--but still was
to be seen again ere I could perish--How's that?--There's a riddle now
might baffle all the lawyers backed by the ghosts of the whole line
of judges:--like a hawk's beak it pecks my brain. I'LL, I'LL solve it,
though!"The @Indians have shown an interest in 3B Chase Headley: http://t.co/naFRChEHqL #HotStove http://t.co/8Lx4HCkj8Y"D'ye see him?"Happiness is all about loving what you have and being grateful for it. Never lose sight of your blessings."In his infallible wake, though; but follow that wake, that's all. Helm
there; steady, as thou goest, and hast been going. What a lovely day
again! were it a new-made world, and made for a summer-house to the
angels, and this morning the first of its throwing open to them, a
fairer day could not dawn upon that world. Here's food for thought, had
Ahab time to think; but Ahab never thinks; he only feels, feels, feels;
THAT'S tingling enough for mortal man! to think's audacity. God only has
that right and privilege. Thinking is, or ought to be, a coolness and a
calmness; and our poor hearts throb, and our poor brains beat too much
for that. And yet, I've sometimes thought my brain was very calm--frozen
calm, this old skull cracks so, like a glass in which the contents
turned to ice, and shiver it. And still this hair is growing now; this
moment growing, and heat must breed it; but no, it's like that sort
of common grass that will grow anywhere, between the earthy clefts of
Greenland ice or in Vesuvius lava. How the wild winds blow it; they whip
it about me as the torn shreds of split sails lash the tossed ship they
cling to. A vile wind that has no doubt blown ere this through prison
corridors and cells, and wards of hospitals, and ventilated them, and
now comes blowing hither as innocent as fleeces. Out upon it!--it's
tainted. Were I the wind, I'd blow no more on such a wicked, miserable
world. I'd crawl somewhere to a cave, and slink there. And yet, 'tis a
noble and heroic thing, the wind! who ever conquered it? In every fight
it has the last and bitterest blow. Run tilting at it, and you but run
through it. Ha! a coward wind that strikes stark naked men, but will not
stand to receive a single blow. Even Ahab is a braver thing--a nobler
thing than THAT. Would now the wind but had a body; but all the things
that most exasperate and outrage mortal man, all these things are
bodiless, but only bodiless as objects, not as agents. There's a most
special, a most cunning, oh, a most malicious difference! And yet, I
say again, and swear it now, that there's something all glorious and
gracious in the wind. These warm Trade Winds, at least, that in the
clear heavens blow straight on, in strong and steadfast, vigorous
mildness; and veer not from their mark, however the baser currents of
the sea may turn and tack, and mightiest Mississippies of the land swift
and swerve about, uncertain where to go at last. And by the eternal
Poles! these same Trades that so directly blow my good ship on; these
Trades, or something like them--something so unchangeable, and full as
strong, blow my keeled soul along! To it! Aloft there! What d'ye see?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Nothing, sir."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Nothing! and noon at hand! The doubloon goes a-begging! See the sun!
Aye, aye, it must be so. I've oversailed him. How, got the start? Aye,
he's chasing ME now; not I, HIM--that's bad; I might have known it, too.
Fool! the lines--the harpoons he's towing. Aye, aye, I have run him by
last night. About! about! Come down, all of ye, but the regular look
outs! Man the braces!"Retweet if you want to gain just follow everyone who retweets this and follow back whoever follows you.
#MTVStars One Direction"Against the wind he now steers for the open jaw,"Quivered she 
in trepidation
when murmured he
'we will never part~~~
forever'
for forever 
had always eluded her
even in her moments"God keep
us, but already my bones feel damp within me, and from the inside wet my
flesh. I misdoubt me that I disobey my God in obeying him!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Stand by to sway me up!"Congrats to the 8 teams advancing to the #OHSAA state championships with a win tonight. Ohio Stadium awaits you! http://t.co/iVgO4hiGqw"We should meet him soon."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, aye, sir,"Everyone go check out #JustAnotherNight by @SweetSuspense on @radiodisney .. I'm obsessed😍😍 http://t.co/PuP05PIlE9"Forehead to forehead I meet thee, this third time, Moby Dick! On deck
there!--brace sharper up; crowd her into the wind's eye. He's too
far off to lower yet, Mr. Starbuck. The sails shake! Stand over that
helmsman with a top-maul! So, so; he travels fast, and I must down. But
let me have one more good round look aloft here at the sea; there's
time for that. An old, old sight, and yet somehow so young; aye, and
not changed a wink since I first saw it, a boy, from the sand-hills of
Nantucket! The same!--the same!--the same to Noah as to me. There's
a soft shower to leeward. Such lovely leewardings! They must lead
somewhere--to something else than common land, more palmy than the
palms. Leeward! the white whale goes that way; look to windward,
then; the better if the bitterer quarter. But good bye, good bye, old
mast-head! What's this?--green? aye, tiny mosses in these warped cracks.
No such green weather stains on Ahab's head! There's the difference now
between man's old age and matter's. But aye, old mast, we both grow old
together; sound in our hulls, though, are we not, my ship? Aye, minus
a leg, that's all. By heaven this dead wood has the better of my live
flesh every way. I can't compare with it; and I've known some ships made
of dead trees outlast the lives of men made of the most vital stuff of
vital fathers. What's that he said? he should still go before me, my
pilot; and yet to be seen again? But where? Will I have eyes at the
bottom of the sea, supposing I descend those endless stairs? and all
night I've been sailing from him, wherever he did sink to. Aye, aye,
like many more thou told'st direful truth as touching thyself, O Parsee;
but, Ahab, there thy shot fell short. Good-bye, mast-head--keep a good
eye upon the whale, the while I'm gone. We'll talk to-morrow, nay,
to-night, when the white whale lies down there, tied by head and tail."Alan Jones remembers his mate Phillip Hughes, plus see a mosaic of #putoutyourbats tributes http://t.co/HlG2W22afP http://t.co/VVNTdqfKMv"Starbuck!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Sir?"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"For the third time my soul's ship starts upon this voyage, Starbuck."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Aye, sir, thou wilt have it so."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Some ships sail from their ports, and ever afterwards are missing,
Starbuck!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Truth, sir: saddest truth."My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Some men die at ebb tide; some at low water; some at the full of
the flood;--and I feel now like a billow that's all one crested comb,
Starbuck. I am old;--shake hands with me, man."If there isn't two or more white girls in Starbucks at all times they have to burn the building down...

Starbuck's policy ☕️"Oh, my captain, my captain!--noble heart--go not--go not!--see, it's a
brave man that weeps; how great the agony of the persuasion then!"My mind is literally swimming with ideas for the next album... I'm going insane!!!"Lower away!"have you ever been so upset you've cried in spanish? http://t.co/nNzQI6yHCj"Stand by
the crew!"There are two ways of exerting one’s strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.

-Booker T. Washington"The sharks! the sharks!"Oh hey there #NightChangesBehindTheScenes https://t.co/fZ3Mvk4ESu"O master, my master, come back!"People will treat you however you let them treat you."Heart of wrought steel!"Still following a bunch of people! Just like &amp; revine this- https://t.co/B439MyIONz ! Comment your twitters when you're done so I'll know!"canst thou yet ring boldly
to that sight?--lowering thy keel among ravening sharks, and followed by
them, open-mouthed to the chase; and this the critical third day?--For
when three days flow together in one continuous intense pursuit; be sure
the first is the morning, the second the noon, and the third the evening
and the end of that thing--be that end what it may. Oh! my God! what
is this that shoots through me, and leaves me so deadly calm, yet
expectant,--fixed at the top of a shudder! Future things swim before me,
as in empty outlines and skeletons; all the past is somehow grown dim.
Mary, girl! thou fadest in pale glories behind me; boy! I seem to
see but thy eyes grown wondrous blue. Strangest problems of life seem
clearing; but clouds sweep between--Is my journey's end coming? My legs
feel faint; like his who has footed it all day. Feel thy heart,--beats
it yet? Stir thyself, Starbuck!--stave it off--move, move!
speak aloud!--Mast-head there! See ye my boy's hand on the
hill?--Crazed;--aloft there!--keep thy keenest eye upon the boats:--

"Walmart holds food drive...for Walmart employees (again!) http://t.co/dc5bg0xVAL http://t.co/yTESfp5hSn"--pointing to the red flag flying at the main-truck--"It's weird how we're all just born in a world where we're told how everything works and how to act within it. Very few question it."

The boats had not gone very far, when by a signal from the mast-heads--a
downward pointed arm, Ahab knew that the whale had sounded; but
intending to be near him at the next rising, he held on his way a little
sideways from the vessel; the becharmed crew maintaining the profoundest
silence, as the head-beat waves hammered and hammered against the
opposing bow.

"your replies came slower, your laughter became softer, your hand stopped feeling tight around mine and i knew then that you quit loving me."

Suddenly the waters around them slowly swelled in broad circles; then
quickly upheaved, as if sideways sliding from a submerged berg of
ice, swiftly rising to the surface. A low rumbling sound was heard; a
subterraneous hum; and then all held their breaths; as bedraggled with
trailing ropes, and harpoons, and lances, a vast form shot lengthwise,
but obliquely from the sea. Shrouded in a thin drooping veil of mist, it
hovered for a moment in the rainbowed air; and then fell swamping back
into the deep. Crushed thirty feet upwards, the waters flashed for
an instant like heaps of fountains, then brokenly sank in a shower of
flakes, leaving the circling surface creamed like new milk round the
marble trunk of the whale.

"Thanks for having me to watch the game. @wswanderersfc ha'way the lads!" cried Ahab to the oarsmen, and the boats darted forward to
the attack; but maddened by yesterday's fresh irons that corroded in
him, Moby Dick seemed combinedly possessed by all the angels that fell
from heaven. The wide tiers of welded tendons overspreading his broad
white forehead, beneath the transparent skin, looked knitted together;
as head on, he came churning his tail among the boats; and once more
flailed them apart; spilling out the irons and lances from the two
mates' boats, and dashing in one side of the upper part of their bows,
but leaving Ahab's almost without a scar.

While Daggoo and Queequeg were stopping the strained planks; and as the
whale swimming out from them, turned, and showed one entire flank as he
shot by them again; at that moment a quick cry went up. Lashed round
and round to the fish's back; pinioned in the turns upon turns in which,
during the past night, the whale had reeled the involutions of the lines
around him, the half torn body of the Parsee was seen; his sable raiment
frayed to shreds; his distended eyes turned full upon old Ahab.

The harpoon dropped from his hand.

"Photo of boy hugging officer at Portland's Ferguson protest goes viral  http://t.co/oFa2fI0Fg5 http://t.co/ewwm6gK0cg"--drawing in a long lean breath--"If you checked out my snapchat just view my story, that's where I'll be posting more. I'm trying to get you guys all to add me on there. 😁"

But he looked too nigh the boat; for as if bent upon escaping with the
corpse he bore, and as if the particular place of the last encounter had
been but a stage in his leeward voyage, Moby Dick was now again steadily
swimming forward; and had almost passed the ship,--which thus far had
been sailing in the contrary direction to him, though for the present
her headway had been stopped. He seemed swimming with his utmost
velocity, and now only intent upon pursuing his own straight path in the
sea.

""You have lied not only to men, but to eternity." I think of Ananias, of David. Of Ahab. Of murder and profit. http://t.co/lzQZWycwm8" cried Starbuck, ""Obama's not supporting us. He's telling us to cease and desist," says guy with mic outside SCOTUS. #MikeBrown http://t.co/aFm0tR2IOl"

Setting sail to the rising wind, the lonely boat was swiftly impelled to
leeward, by both oars and canvas. And at last when Ahab was sliding
by the vessel, so near as plainly to distinguish Starbuck's face as he
leaned over the rail, he hailed him to turn the vessel about, and follow
him, not too swiftly, at a judicious interval. Glancing upwards, he
saw Tashtego, Queequeg, and Daggoo, eagerly mounting to the three
mast-heads; while the oarsmen were rocking in the two staved boats
which had but just been hoisted to the side, and were busily at work in
repairing them. One after the other, through the port-holes, as he sped,
he also caught flying glimpses of Stubb and Flask, busying themselves
on deck among bundles of new irons and lances. As he saw all this; as he
heard the hammers in the broken boats; far other hammers seemed driving
a nail into his heart. But he rallied. And now marking that the vane or
flag was gone from the main-mast-head, he shouted to Tashtego, who had
just gained that perch, to descend again for another flag, and a hammer
and nails, and so nail it to the mast.

Whether fagged by the three days' running chase, and the resistance
to his swimming in the knotted hamper he bore; or whether it was some
latent deceitfulness and malice in him: whichever was true, the White
Whale's way now began to abate, as it seemed, from the boat so rapidly
nearing him once more; though indeed the whale's last start had not been
so long a one as before. And still as Ahab glided over the waves the
unpitying sharks accompanied him; and so pertinaciously stuck to the
boat; and so continually bit at the plying oars, that the blades became
jagged and crunched, and left small splinters in the sea, at almost
every dip.

"For Christmas I'm buying everyone 10-year Spanish bonds yielding 1.9 percent &amp; for Hanukkah they get Italian debt at 2%, to use as wallpaper"

"A small dog dressed as two even smaller dogs carrying a present. http://t.co/sUuRjTn9s4"

"At what point do I stop staring at Nala and get on with my evening? She's been asleep for the past 30 mins but I can't take my eyes off her"--he
muttered--"#WhenIWasYourAge: It took a week to learn whether your photos came out okay."--and so saying two of the oarsmen helped him forward
to the bows of the still flying boat.

At length as the craft was cast to one side, and ran ranging along
with the White Whale's flank, he seemed strangely oblivious of its
advance--as the whale sometimes will--and Ahab was fairly within the
smoky mountain mist, which, thrown off from the whale's spout, curled
round his great, Monadnock hump; he was even thus close to him; when,
with body arched back, and both arms lengthwise high-lifted to the
poise, he darted his fierce iron, and his far fiercer curse into the
hated whale. As both steel and curse sank to the socket, as if sucked
into a morass, Moby Dick sideways writhed; spasmodically rolled his nigh
flank against the bow, and, without staving a hole in it, so suddenly
canted the boat over, that had it not been for the elevated part of the
gunwale to which he then clung, Ahab would once more have been tossed
into the sea. As it was, three of the oarsmen--who foreknew not the
precise instant of the dart, and were therefore unprepared for its
effects--these were flung out; but so fell, that, in an instant two of
them clutched the gunwale again, and rising to its level on a combing
wave, hurled themselves bodily inboard again; the third man helplessly
dropping astern, but still afloat and swimming.

Almost simultaneously, with a mighty volition of ungraduated,
instantaneous swiftness, the White Whale darted through the weltering
sea. But when Ahab cried out to the steersman to take new turns with
the line, and hold it so; and commanded the crew to turn round on their
seats, and tow the boat up to the mark; the moment the treacherous line
felt that double strain and tug, it snapped in the empty air!

"UK &amp; Ireland, pay attention to the ad breaks in tonight’s @TheXFactor for exciting tour news ..."

Hearing the tremendous rush of the sea-crashing boat, the whale wheeled
round to present his blank forehead at bay; but in that evolution,
catching sight of the nearing black hull of the ship; seemingly seeing
in it the source of all his persecutions; bethinking it--it may be--a
larger and nobler foe; of a sudden, he bore down upon its advancing
prow, smiting his jaws amid fiery showers of foam.

Ahab staggered; his hand smote his forehead. "MORNING! remember when i barely sept cause I was so excited that I posted my BB Box video I was up watching it all night &amp; reading comments?"

"This is a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships. http://t.co/56Pq9A3Mjv" cried the cringing oarsmen.

"The FIA have accused Red Bull of having front wing flaps(arrowed) flexing downwards at speed. http://t.co/EoK3UvVpX0"

But as the oarsmen violently forced their boat through the
sledge-hammering seas, the before whale-smitten bow-ends of two planks
burst through, and in an instant almost, the temporarily disabled boat
lay nearly level with the waves; its half-wading, splashing crew, trying
hard to stop the gap and bale out the pouring water.

Meantime, for that one beholding instant, Tashtego's mast-head hammer
remained suspended in his hand; and the red flag, half-wrapping him as
with a plaid, then streamed itself straight out from him, as his own
forward-flowing heart; while Starbuck and Stubb, standing upon the
bowsprit beneath, caught sight of the down-coming monster just as soon
as he.

"Dear America.

As long as our police &amp; courts &amp; corporations act as if black lives don't matter, we will make everyday life difficult."

"Baggy green #361 very underused last Test bat. kids bats getting more cherries. #Hughesy #408forever #PutOutYourBats http://t.co/vQQlcvTJKq"

"Favorite dish? MY TURN! I make awesome stuffing w/ corn bread, chestnuts, apples, dried cherries, Italian sausage, parmigiano, white wine..."

From the ship's bows, nearly all the seamen now hung inactive; hammers,
bits of plank, lances, and harpoons, mechanically retained in their
hands, just as they had darted from their various employments; all their
enchanted eyes intent upon the whale, which from side to side strangely
vibrating his predestinating head, sent a broad band of overspreading
semicircular foam before him as he rushed. Retribution, swift vengeance,
eternal malice were in his whole aspect, and spite of all that mortal
man could do, the solid white buttress of his forehead smote the ship's
starboard bow, till men and timbers reeled. Some fell flat upon their
faces. Like dislodged trucks, the heads of the harpooneers aloft shook
on their bull-like necks. Through the breach, they heard the waters
pour, as mountain torrents down a flume.

"Someone tried to steal a hearse with the dead body still inside http://t.co/gS3XnRKeFc" cried Ahab from the boat;
"The average American Thanksgiving dinner is 2,536 calories — assuming that you have normal portions and don't go back for seconds."

Diving beneath the settling ship, the whale ran quivering along its
keel; but turning under water, swiftly shot to the surface again, far
off the other bow, but within a few yards of Ahab's boat, where, for a
time, he lay quiescent.

"Dark money is all over. | attn: How Two Billionaires Are Destroying High Speed Rail In America http://t.co/cFszljVZrn http://t.co/wf50ROOaJ6"

The harpoon was darted; the stricken whale flew forward; with igniting
velocity the line ran through the grooves;--ran foul. Ahab stooped to
clear it; he did clear it; but the flying turn caught him round the
neck, and voicelessly as Turkish mutes bowstring their victim, he was
shot out of the boat, ere the crew knew he was gone. Next instant, the
heavy eye-splice in the rope's final end flew out of the stark-empty
tub, knocked down an oarsman, and smiting the sea, disappeared in its
depths.

For an instant, the tranced boat's crew stood still; then turned. "Wayne Rooney's United have steadied the ship and now sit in the top 4. Can they maintain it with a win? #SSFootball http://t.co/bojkPo1j21" Soon they through dim, bewildering
mediums saw her sidelong fading phantom, as in the gaseous Fata Morgana;
only the uppermost masts out of water; while fixed by infatuation, or
fidelity, or fate, to their once lofty perches, the pagan harpooneers
still maintained their sinking lookouts on the sea. And now, concentric
circles seized the lone boat itself, and all its crew, and each floating
oar, and every lance-pole, and spinning, animate and inanimate, all
round and round in one vortex, carried the smallest chip of the Pequod
out of sight.

But as the last whelmings intermixingly poured themselves over the
sunken head of the Indian at the mainmast, leaving a few inches of the
erect spar yet visible, together with long streaming yards of the flag,
which calmly undulated, with ironical coincidings, over the destroying
billows they almost touched;--at that instant, a red arm and a hammer
hovered backwardly uplifted in the open air, in the act of nailing
the flag faster and yet faster to the subsiding spar. A sky-hawk that
tauntingly had followed the main-truck downwards from its natural home
among the stars, pecking at the flag, and incommoding Tashtego there;
this bird now chanced to intercept its broad fluttering wing between the
hammer and the wood; and simultaneously feeling that etherial thrill,
the submerged savage beneath, in his death-gasp, kept his hammer frozen
there; and so the bird of heaven, with archangelic shrieks, and his
imperial beak thrust upwards, and his whole captive form folded in the
flag of Ahab, went down with his ship, which, like Satan, would not sink
to hell till she had dragged a living part of heaven along with her, and
helmeted herself with it.

Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white
surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great
shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.




Epilogue

"The moment a lucky seal escaped - avoiding a great white shark's jaws by inches in South Africa (Pic/Sergio Riccardo) http://t.co/Xr2xDchuMk" Job.

The drama's done. Why then here does any one step forth?--Because one
did survive the wreck.

It so chanced, that after the Parsee's disappearance, I was he whom the
Fates ordained to take the place of Ahab's bowsman, when that bowsman
assumed the vacant post; the same, who, when on the last day the three
men were tossed from out of the rocking boat, was dropped astern. So,
floating on the margin of the ensuing scene, and in full sight of it,
when the halfspent suction of the sunk ship reached me, I was then,
but slowly, drawn towards the closing vortex. When I reached it, it had
subsided to a creamy pool. Round and round, then, and ever contracting
towards the button-like black bubble at the axis of that slowly wheeling
circle, like another Ixion I did revolve. Till, gaining that vital
centre, the black bubble upward burst; and now, liberated by reason of
its cunning spring, and, owing to its great buoyancy, rising with great
force, the coffin life-buoy shot lengthwise from the sea, fell over, and
floated by my side. Buoyed up by that coffin, for almost one whole day
and night, I floated on a soft and dirgelike main. The unharming sharks,
they glided by as if with padlocks on their mouths; the savage sea-hawks
sailed with sheathed beaks. On the second day, a sail drew near, nearer,
and picked me up at last. It was the devious-cruising Rachel, that in
her retracing search after her missing children, only found another
orphan.
